Volume 4: Rabbit of Caerbannog
An academy has disappeared overnight.
What is the destiny of SRT’s new students?
Chapter 1: RABBIT Squad, Begin Operation!
The RABBIT Squad students are occupying the park, protesting the closure notice of the SRT Academy. Will the squad members survive the harsh conditions of camping in the park?

01 - An Uncontrollable Special Unit
Upon receiving a call from Rin, Sensei visits the General Student Council and overhears that students from the closed SRT Academy are occupying the park in protest. Students from the Valkyrie Police School are dispatched to arrest them, but to no avail. In the end, Rin asks for Sensei from Schale to solve the problem.

Rin (General Student Council): Time passes too quickly, Sensei. This is Nanakami Rin.

Sensei: “Oh. Hi, Rinny.”

Rin (General Student Council): What…did you just call me?

Rin (General Student Council): Refrain from doing that again.

Rin (General Student Council): Moving on.

Rin (General Student Council): I am contacting you with urgent news.

Rin (General Student Council): You’ve been absent from Schale for quite some time.

Rin (General Student Council): To your credit, reports state you have been crucial in resolving conflicts throughout Kivotos.

Rin (General Student Council): The General Student Council has benefited from your actions, and gratitude is in order.

Rin (General Student Council): However, my issues lies within Schale activities.

Rin (General Student Council): In regard to your reports, as well as the General Student Council’s guidelines…

…

Rin (General Student Council): Actually, perhaps such conversations are better in person.

Rin (General Student Council): Sensei, from what I recall your schedule is open today?

Rin (General Student Council): Let us discuss over some tea.

Rin (General Student Council): Please meet me at the General Student Council reception room.

Rin hangs up

Arona: Good job getting through that, Sensei.

Arona: It looks like the scary Rin is gonna yell at you… Are you okay?

Sensei: “Well, I can’t say I’m not a little scared” / “Well, if it's Rin who’s punishing me…”

Arona: There’s no way she’s only calling you to yell at you though!
/
Arona: Wh-What?! What’s that mean?

Arona: Like Rin said, you’ve been solving all kinds of problems in Kivotos.

Arona: Maybe she just wants to give you lots of yummy treats as reward for your hard work!

Sensei: “Let’s hope that’s all it is.”

Arona: All right, Sensei! Time to get those snacks! Off to the General Student Council building!

Scene fades to black

Rin (General Student Council): Welcome, Sensei. Thank you for taking the time to meet with me.

Sensei: “Long time no see, Rin.” / “So, where are the treats?”

Rin (General Student Council): Huh? What do you mean by treats?

Rin (General Student Council): …You look rather disappointed.

Rin (General Student Council): Please have a seat while I get some tea.

Rin (General Student Council): Time is a luxury, so let us begin

Rin (General Student Council): As I said on the phone, I wanted to discuss my concerns regarding your handling of some Schale activities.

Sensei: “Did I do something wrong?”

Rin (General Student Council): It’s not that I don’t appreciate all that you have done since you’ve arrived. Students across Kivotos sing your praises.

Rin (General Student Council): However, the issue lies in what happens after the conflict is over.

Rin (General Student Council): I would like you to take a look at these post-operation reports you submitted.

give

Rin (General Student Council): This expense report!

Rin (General Student Council): The billing statement is not only handwritten but in Arabic numerals.

Sensei: “I get the feeling that’s bad?”

Rin (General Student Council): Very much so.

Rin (General Student Council): Any money amounts written on official documents must be written in Chinese to prevent forgery or other mishaps.

Rin (General Student Council): And if you would observe here, the seal is stamped three centimeters away from the indicated blank.

Rin (General Student Council): If you fail to follow official procedure and formatting in your reports, we in turn cannot help you with resolving them.

Rin (General Student Council): So now that you’re here, please revise all of these reports before you leave.

Sensei: “I’m guessing that’s not a suggestion…” / “You’re not gonna help me, Rin?”

Rin (General Student Council): It is not. You must resolve your business first, [NAME] Sensei.
/
Rin (General Student Council): I cannot. This business is your own making, [NAME] Sensei.

Rin (General Student Council): If you had followed proper procedure from the beginning, we wouldn’t be here right now.

Rin (General Student Council): Also, would you care to explain the informal tone of this report?

Rin (General Student Council): While these are confidential documents, they must still be written with the pomp and circumstance afforded to them.

Rin (General Student Council): Refer here to Article 15 of the official guidelines of the General Student Council…

Fade to black

(Rin kept scolding me for a long, long time.)

Fade back

Knock knock knock

Ayumu (General Student Council): Um, Rin…

Ayumu (General Student Council): I-I mean, Senior Administrator… I need to talk to you about something.

Rin (General Student Council): Yes, Ayu–Chief of Staff?

Ayumu (General Student Council): Well, there’s an urgent matter.

Ayumu (General Student Council): *whisper* The demolition of SRT Academy was scheduled today. However, just as they were about to begin, students occupied the park to protest the school’s closing.

Ayumu (General Student Council): We didn’t have the manpower to deal with the sit-in…so the demolition is being delayed.

Rin (General Student Council): …

Rin (General Student Council): Contact the Security Bureau of Valkyrie Police School. 

Rin (General Student Council): The General Student Council’s orders are absolute. The students must be apprehended.

Ayumu (General Student Council): Th-That’s what I thought you would say. I’m on it.

Ayumu walks away

Sensei: “Hi. I’m still here.” / “Seems like there’s something wrong.”

Rin (General Student Council): I’m aware. These types of issues have been par for the course since the General Student Council president disappeared.
/
Rin (General Student Council): These types of issues have been par for the course since the General Student Council president disappeared.

Rin (General Student Council): It’s nothing to concern yourself over, Sensei.

Sensei: “What is SRT Academy?”

Rin (General Student Council): SRT stands for Special Response Team.

Rin (General Student Council): It’s an elite academy of specially-trained students.

Rin (General Student Council): They were a highly effective force under the General Student Council president’s command.

…

Rin (General Student Council): With her gone, there’s not much point to the organization.

Rin (General Student Council): Now then, on to Article 21, Paragraph 3 of the guidelines.

(Moments later.)

Ayumu enters

Ayumu (General Student Council): Um, Senior Administrator…

Rin (General Student Council): Yes, Chief of Staff?

Ayumu (General Student Council): Well, you see…

Ayumu (General Student Council): The Security Bureau was wiped out by the protesters.

Rin (General Student Council): All of them?! I thought it was just a few students!

Ayumu (General Student Council): It is! It’s just one squad. Believed to be just four students.

Ayumu (General Student Council): But SRT students are too well-trained and well-armed to be taken down by just the Security Bureau.

Rin (General Student Council): I was hoping I wouldn’t have to resort to this.

Rin (General Student Council): Contact the Public Peace Bureau of the Valkyrie Police School. The Defense Office will be able to help us coordinate with and dispatch their forces.

Rin (General Student Council): They may be elites, but the Public Peace Bureau specializes in anti-terrorism. Suppress them.

Ayumu (General Student Council): I-If you say so!

Ayumu whisks away

Sensei: “Are you sure everything’s okay?”

Rin (General Student Council): I know what you’re thinking. There’s no need for you to get involved with General Student Council matters.

Rin (General Student Council): Your only assignment right now is to finish correcting your reports.

Rin (General Student Council): I’m only saying this to be sure, but…

Rin (General Student Council): I do hope you aren’t offering to help avoid your paperwork.

Sensei: “I-I wouldn’t ever think of that! Never, ever!” / “I’m suddenly so excited to revise all these reports!”

Rin (General Student Council): …I’m relieved to hear that. For both our sakes.

Rin (General Student Council): Then, let’s pick up where we left off. In order to revise incorrect seals…

Fade to black

(Moments later.)

Ayumu runs in the room yet again 

Ayumu (General Student Council): Senior Administrator…

Rin (General Student Council): The Public Peace Bureau students…?


Ayumu (General Student Council): Every last one defeated.

Ayumu (General Student Council): According to the report, they couldn’t even get close to the park. They were taken out by snipers and booby traps almost immediately.

Ayumu (General Student Council): To make matters worse, reporters from Kronos have picked up on the chaos and flocked to the scene.

Ayumu (General Student Council): In other words, things are not going well!

Rin (General Student Council): …

Rin (General Student Council): Disaster can never choose a convenient time, can it?

Ayumu (General Student Council): W-Well, Rin… I was thinking… We already have the Schale sensei here…

Ayumu (General Student Council): You’ve read the reports too. Sensei has great leadership skills and they have the influence and authority to ask for backup from really whatever they want.

Ayumu (General Student Council): With Valkyrie students taken out, I think Schale is our best hope…

Rin (General Student Council): …

Rin (General Student Council): …Tsk.

Rin (General Student Council): Sensei. As you may have guessed, we’ve encountered a small issue.

Rin (General Student Council): While the General Student Council should handle this…

Rin (General Student Council): It seems your assistance is, in fact, required.

Sensei: “I’ve been waiting for you to say that.” / “My moment to shine!”


Rin (General Student Council): As a thank you, I will handle your reports. Just this once.

Rin (General Student Council): Your job is to suppress the SRT Academy students’ protest. And quickly.

Rin (General Student Council): There may be only a few, but do not underestimate them. They’re highly trained and armed with heavy artillery.

Rin (General Student Council): Valkyrie Police officers will explain the details once you’ve arrived at the scene.

Rin (General Student Council): I’m counting on you, Sensei.

<<To Be Continued>>


































02 - Uninvited Guests in the Park
Upon receiving Rin’s request, Sensei arrives at the park and hears an explanation of the situation from Kanna, the Public Peace Bureau director from the Valkyrie Police School. The RABBIT Squad students, occupying the park, are armed with powerful weapons, but their command is in disarray. Sensei gathers students of the Valkyrie Police School at the scene and launches an attack.

Valkyrie Student A: W-We’re under attack!

Valkyrie Student B: Didn’t the rear team have our blind spots covered?!
Where is it coming from?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Did you really think your clumsy movements would go unnoticed?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’ve been watching you on my thermal monitoring device the whole time.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Moe! They’re restrained!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Do your worst!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Bombs away!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heeheehee! My moment to shine!

Beep

Boom 

Valkyrie Student A: A drone attack?!

Valkyrie Student B: Retreat! Everyone, retreat!

Boom to black

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What was that explosion?!

picks up radio

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Alpha Squad, Alpha Squad! Report!

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Everyone, I hope you didn’t blink!

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): The infamous Public Peace Bureau have been mercilessly beat back! Look at them run!

Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): With the Security and Public Peace Bureaus down, Valkyrie Police School’s last chess piece is the Public Safety Bureau!

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): The students occupying the park are rumored to be the one and only SRT Special Academy! Who would’ve thought they would so completely overpower Valkyrie students like this?!

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Can continue to trust them with the security of Kivotos?

Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): As more doubts pile up, apprehension is thick amongst the citizens!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Shut up! This isn’t your business!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Did you even receive clearance to film here? This is an operation site! Get out!

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Look everyone! The corrupt powers of Valkyrie Academy is now aimed at the media!

Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): They couldn’t even capture the culprit, and now are taking it out on reporters. How shameful!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Get lost!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Dammit! On top of everything we have to field those Kronos pests? This is ridiculous.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): …They’re not wrong though. Do I really have to resort to the Public Safety Bureau?

Sensei: “Looks like you’ve got a lot on your plate.” 

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): We didn’t get rid of everyone?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Hey, like I told those reporters. This is an operation site. It’s dangerous for folks like you, so please leave.

Sensei: Hand over Rin’s introduction.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): An introduction from the senior administrator?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): She went as far as to dispatch Schale’s Sensei… I see…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Well…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Forgive my rudeness. I didn’t recognize you.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I’m Ogata Kanna, the Public Peace Bureau chief. I’m in charge of this operation site.

Sensei: “Nice to meet you.” / “What’s going on here?”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): As you can see…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): The situation isn’t great. Morale is low because of how brutally we were shut out. And I don’t have many options left.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): The original plan was to compensate for the SRT students’ superior equipment with force of numbers. Now we have less numbers and worse guns.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): All we have left is…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Chief Kanna! Kirino from the Public Safety Bureau reporting in!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Your orders, please!

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Hmm, looks like the situation’s pretty much handled. Let’s pack it up, everyone. Back to the office, Anyone want a donut?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): All we have left is the Public Safety Bureau.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Oh, hello Sensei. Are you here to support us?

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Looks like it! This must be a bigger deal than we thought.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Heehee! With Sensei leading us, this operation is in the bag.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Now, it’s time to fight crime and keep our city safe!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Hold it! What do you even think you can do out there?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): The Security and Public Peace Bureaus didn’t stand a chance. What in the world is the Public Safety Bureau going to do against SRT elites?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What’s your plan? To go against a special unit armed with heavy weapons with your little toy guns?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): …And don’t think I’m not aware of your shooting skills.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): W-Well. Th-The plan is to stop the bad guys and help the citizens…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I appreciate your enthusiasm. But if enthusiasm could solve anything, we wouldn’t be here now.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Remain on standby while we search for another way.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Yes…

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Heehee. Kirino got yelled at.

Sensei: “Who are the students occupying the park?”


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): They’re members of the RABBIT Squad from SRT Special Academy. I believe they’re first-years.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Originally, the RABBIT Squad was to be transferred to the Valkyrie Security Bureau like the other SRT students, but…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): As the demolition was about to begin, they began demanding we reverse the decision to close their school and occupied the park.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): There aren’t many of them, but they’re armed with the most advanced weapons from SRT Academy…so we’re having a hard time with just our equipment.

Sensei: “Anything else I should know?”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I have some records from the Student Council…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Ah, the Kronos broadcasting drone is here. You can see the suspects in the video. 

Fade to black

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who gave you permission to film us?! I’ll give you 
a taste of my MPADS and teach you a lesson.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Now, now Saki.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We fought off all their little police officers without breaking a sweat. What’s a stupid video gonna do?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Maybe they’ll even get it through their thick heads that they never should have tried to close down SRT.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hi, hi! You listening, you dummy General Student Council members?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Please keep struggling uselessly, I’ve got lost, lots more bombs I want to try out.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): If you want a fight, we’ll give you one. SRT Academy’s name will persevere through us, no matter what!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Saki, Moe. Please exercise restraint for once.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Our goal is to garner an advantage in negotiations through combat. Not long-term guerrilla warfare.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): U-Ugh. You’ll get wrinkles if you keep that serious face all the time, Miyako.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The drone is annoying though. It’s giving me a headache.

…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We still have an arsenal of ammo left. Why don’t we have some target practice?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee. Saki, have you always been this brilliant?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Let’s let loose!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh, oh! Or we can take all the remaining ammo and make fireworks!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee, I think I might be drooling.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): That does sound kind of fun, but are we forgetting something important?

Miyu appears in the radio 

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): U-Um… I think that something is me…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Are you gonna blow me up with everything?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Ah.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): O-Of course not! We would never forget about an ally hidden away behind enemy lines.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I’m happy to hear that…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): …All the enemies have gone away. Can I come back now?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): It’s all humid and dark, and there’s bugs everywhere.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): And it’s scary being all by myself.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Don’t be a baby, Miyu. We’re SRT elites.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): A true elite would never abandon her mission because of a measly caterpillar.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): If that’s how you feel, why don’t you go do some traffic control with Valkyrie Police School? Would you like that better?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I don’t want that either…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Besides, the mission isn’t over. Miyu, do you have eyes on the flying drone?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We’re going to shoot it down. Report target altitude and coordinates as soon as possible.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Whatever you say, Saki…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Saki, stop. We don’t have any more supplies coming, so we need to ration what we have. This is unnecessary and reckless.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I don’t want to hear it!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you giving us orders right now?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Yeah! If I wanna blow something up, I’ll blow it up.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The General Student Council president was our leader, not you!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I understand, but…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): …Saki. Target altitude is 900m, distance is 2,500m, and compass point is 0-3-0…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Nice work.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Lock on the target.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Moe, fire away.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh, oh! This is just my most favoritest part… *pant pant*

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Aim and…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): KA-BOOM!


Beep

Boom 

…

Public Peace Bureau Student (Public Peace Bureau): We lost the broadcasting drone.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): They dare attack broadcasting equipment from a third party?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): How were those bastards even allowed in SRT Academy?

Sensei: “They’re definitely lively.”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): How about idiots?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): In Kivotos we have a saying. “I’ll fight someone powerful and I’ll fight an idiot. But there’s nothing more terrifying than a powerful idiot.”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): We’ll need to request support from another academy district’s Prefect Team.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Contact Hina from the Gehenna Prefect Team…

Sensei: “I think that’s unnecessary.” / “I think we can handle it ourselves.”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Huh? Have you not listened to anything I’ve said?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): We only have about five Security and Public Peace Bureaus members who can act, including myself.

Sensei: “Kirino, Fubuki. Up and at ‘em.” / “Kirino, Fubuki. Let’s go stop the bad guys.”


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Wh-Wh-What?! Me? Kirino?!

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Please tell me you’re joking!


Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): What am I supposed to do against the SRT?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Does this really seem like the time for jokes, Sensei?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): These students aren’t combatants, just small-time idealists who strive for peace.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): How do you expect these measly, untrained students to do anything against enemies that the Security and Public Peace Bureaus couldn’t handle?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I don’t care how skilled you are. You can’t just use pawns against a queen and expect to win.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Some pawns are only ever meant to be pawns.

Sensei: “They’re not chess pieces. All my students are equal in my eyes.”

…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What a piece of work.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): When, and I say when, things go wrong, Schale will be responsible.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Listen up! The remaining Public Peace Bureau members are now under Schale’s command! Cooperate with the Public Safety Bureau, and for Kivotos’ sake, bring me back some good news!

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): W-Wait! This wasn’t all just a bad joke?! You want us to fight the SRT elites?

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Even the Security and Public Peace Bureaus couldn’t handle them, This has to be a bad dream.

Sensei: “It’s gonna be okay. Just, trust me.” / “I wouldn’t do this with anyone else.”


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Don’t worry, Fubuki! Under [NAME] Sensei’s command, we can overcome any evil!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): We are the Public Safety Bureau! No matter how small the chances of victory, we must always stand for the safety of our citizens!

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Ugh… If I knew this was gonna happen, I would’ve taken sick leave…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Well, if we’re successful in this mission, you’ll be awarded with an actual vacation.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And even better, we’ll prove our worth to the leaders and they’ll transfer us to the Security Bureau for our valiant service!

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I couldn’t care less about the Security Bureau, but a vacation on the other hand…

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I can’t say no to that.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Public Safety Bureau…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Operation commence!


<<Battle Sequence>>
The members of the RABBIT Squad get carried away in triumph and fall for Sensei’s plan. They’re quickly defeated and arrested.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What in the world?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): What’s got your knickers in a twist?
Is there something wrong with surveillance?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): No, but there are troops approaching.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Didn’t we incapacitate the Security
and Public Peace Bureaus?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): They sent out the Public Safety Bureau of all people?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hahaha! I’ll eat those small fries for dessert!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Eh, well. Miyu’s got the area covered. They’ll go boom no problem.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I guess. But why would they send such useless students…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Well, I’m sure it’ll be fine.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-Was that another bug? I’m scared… I wanna go home.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Oh but they closed the SRT building so I don’t have a 
home to go to.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): And Valkyrie would never let me join them now…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’m just gonna be left here forgotten and alone…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Are they sure I can’t leave yet…?

click 

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Huh?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): A smoke b-bomb?

boom 

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Eek!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): They didn’t warn me any enemies were approaching!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I need to report this right away.

A silhouette approaches 

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): D-Don’t move! Or I’ll shoot!

Suspicious Target: Um…

Suspicious Target: I-It’s me! I’m a student of SRT Academy and the RABBIT Squad…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): The RABBIT Squad?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): S-Saki?

Suspicious Target: Y-Yeah!


Suspicious Target: The smoke signal went off, so I came to see if you were okay.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): But Saki, you were the one who said to not leave our positions no matter what.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): A-And you sound kinda funny…

Suspicious Target: D-Do I? I…inhaled some smoke! *cough cough* That must be why ‘m so raspy!


Suspicious Target: Anyway, stop pointing your gun at a fellow squad member.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): (...This is weird. She doesn’t talk or sound like Saki at all…)

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): (Use your brain, Miyu!)


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): …Clover.

Suspicious Target: Wh-What did you say?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): You don’t know? Saki would know the watchword and the countersign!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Y-You better answer or I’ll shoot!


Suspicious Target: W-Well… Um… Clover!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Huh?! I said it first!


Suspicious Target: It’s so loud in here, I can’t hear anything you’re saying! You better answer quick!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-But… THat doesn’t…

Suspicious Target: Answer! Or you’ll be considered an enemy of the SRT Academy and I’ll shoot!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): F-Fine! Carrot!

Suspicious Target: Perfect. THe watchword is “clover,” and the countersign is “carrot”.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Wh-What do you mean?

Suspicious Target: Sensei said the sniper would be easy to manipulate. Gotta give it to them, that was easy as cake!

Fubuki appears

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Thanks so much for the password. Bye-bye, little rabbit.

…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): L-Liar!

Black screen with gunshots

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Does it seem like the gunshots are getting closer?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyu couldn’t have been defeated by the Public
Safety Bureau, could she?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hah! You think those silly little pretend police 
Officers with pea shooters could take down our Miyu?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Her communications were cut off though. Something’s wrong.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’ll go out there to assess the situation.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Moe, more ammo please.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Ammo? There’s none left. Na-da. Not even a a single dust speckle.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): B-But how?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee. They all went ka-boom in our fireworks show!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): We used eeeverything, bombs ammo, and all, to blow up the drone.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Y-You actually used all of it?!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Blowing everything up at once? With no care for the consequences?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Nothing could excite me more! Hahahaha! *pant pant*

Saki (RABBIT Squad): But there are consequences! The mission isn’t complete!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): How could you just waste all our ammo? Are you stupid?!

Gun cocks

???

Boom 

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): What was that explosion?


Picks up radio

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Saki, Moe. Please report! Are you okay?

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Communications are down. They must have been attacked.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I told them over and over again to stay vigilant.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I need to make preparations to move our base and rebuild our strategy…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Stop there, disruptor of peace!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Just as [NAME] Sensei said, their leader was hiding here!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Occupying a park meant for citizens and using illegal weapons to defy public authority…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): The severity of your crimes cannot be emphasized enough!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Drop your weapons and surrender!

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (I didn’t expect their vanguard to arrive so quickly. What do I do…)

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (The Public Safety Bureau is only armed with short-barreled standard pistols. I can win this, but I have to act decisively and quickly.)

Miyako starts moving

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): W-Wait! Stop moving or I’ll shoot! Seriously!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): No! I won’t come quietly!

Miyako whisks away

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Stop! Or I’ll shoot! For real this time!

Pew pew pew

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): H-How? W-Wasn’t she pointing her gun in a different direction?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Did she deliberately goad me into running and predict my movement?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I-I may have been outsmarted this time.

Miyako falls

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): W-W-Wait! D-Did I actually hit her? From this far away?

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Heh. I guess my shooting skills really have improved.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I’m not surprised! I can call that move Strike of Justice, made just to subdue criminals!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And justice always prevails!


Fade to black

…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I’m beat.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Not that I didn’t have faith in you, but I had 
absolutely zero faith in the Public Safety Bureau students.

Sensei: “It’s all thanks to the students’ hard work.”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Maybe that’s what your real talent is, [NAME] Sensei.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I’ll admit I had my doubts. But I think I understand how you’ve garnered the trust you have.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I’d like to thank you on behalf of Valkyrie Police School once again.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Sensei, Sensei! Did you see my Strike of Justice take down the bad guys?

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I might be at the level of the Security Bureau students now!

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I didn’t think even a child could be tricked by my method, let alone some elites…

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I mean, it was Sensei’s plan, but I did pretty good on the spot, right?

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I can’t wait for my month-long vacation. Heehee.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Do I really have to put up with this?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): While you did perform well in this mission, it’s not a one-stop ticket to whatever you want. The Valkyrie Police School executives will be the ones to evaluate your performance and eventual compensation.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): RIght now, return to your regular duties and wait for the reward and punishment committee next month.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I have to wait until next month for my vacation?

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Hmph.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): One month is nothing! In one month’s time, I might be a member of the Security Bureau!

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Why do you say that like it’s a good thing?

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): If that’s the reward, I hope I have the option to say no.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We were really caught by a bunch of dummies like that?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who’s a fool? Isn’t it you for turning our ammo into your self-gratifying fireworks display?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Are you questioning the importance and beauty of explosions? If you are then I’ll–

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-It’s all over… Gone…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): The SRT Academy, the RABBIT Squad, my home… Now I’m really going to be forgotten for good… Not just by my squad members…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …

Sensei: “Hi there, RABBIT Squad.” / “How’re you holding up?”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We have nothing to discuss with you!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You here to gloat about your victory? Huh?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Are you the “grown-up” who led the Public Safety Bureau students?

Sensei: “I just gave them a few suggestions.”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Hm. The legendary Schale sensei. Trusted by all, stepping in and waving their extrajudicial authority like a magic wand to solve any problem.

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s grown-ups like you I can’t stand the most.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I hope you trip and stub your toe.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): If I see you again, it’s ka-boom for you.

RABBIT Squad walks away

Sensei: “Haha. What a fun group.”


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Please disregard those insurgents’ insults. They’re just bitter and angry.

Sensei: “What’ll you do with them?”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): We’ll investigate their motives and go from there.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): The Valkyrie Police School would normally be the one to issue the punishment, but…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): With all the commotion and reporters, the General Student Council’s reputation is at stake now. I expect the chief of defense will step in.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): If you want, visit Valkyrie to audit the investigation.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Thanks again for your work today. I expect I’ll see you again.

Kanna walks away

Fade to black

<<To be Continued>>


































03 - The Squad’s Circumstances
Sensei and students at the Valkyrie Police School interrogate the RABBIT Squad members. The squad members explain their reasons for not wanting to leave the SRT Academy and swear they will never transfer to the Valkyrie Police School no matter what they’re offered.

Interrogation Log: 977-R-1

Interrogator: Ogata Kanna, Valkyrie Police School, 3rd Year

Suspect: Sorai Saki, SRT Special Academy, 1st Year

[Valkyrie Police School Main Building, Underground Interrogation Room]

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Your name.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): State your name!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you dumb? Did you forget my name already?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You’re not asking the questions here.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I’ll ask one more time. What is your name?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …Sorai Saki.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Affiliation?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT Squad of the SRT Special Academy. That is, until you closed it down on a whim.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Watch your words. Do you understand your situation?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Keep resisting, and you’ll learn just how I earned the nickname the Feral Hound.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Was that a threat? Is that the extent of your interrogation skills? Pfft.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): SRT Academy students deal with highly confidential information regularly! We’re well trained in dealing with interrogations and torture!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): So, do your worst!


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You know, I’ve looked at your records. You were an incredible talented student at SRT Academy.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Nearly perfect scores on written tests, and you handled the practicals as if you’ve been in combat your entire life.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Not a single violation on your record either. A golden student from every angle.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): So, tell me. Why would top-of-her-class, dedicated, and intelligent Sorai Saki do something like this? Was the thought of being transferred to Valkyrie Police School that horrible?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …Valkyrie isn’t SRT.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You’re avoiding the question. Answer me clearly.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Unlike the Valkyrie Police School, the SRT Academy follow strict, rigid principles both in the classroom and out.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We wake up at the same time every morning, make our bed with precision, train in classes, and continue our duties and practice in our dorms.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The Valkyrie Police School’s daily routine?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Your “most disciplined” Public Peace Bureau even wear casual clothes after classes. They play and do as they please after school rather than dedicating themselves to their training.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You can chain me up, but I will always live as a dignified wolf, not a sheepdog lollygagging in a pasture.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Is that really how you feel?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Then let me ask you another question.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): When Moe used all your ammo on shooting down the drone, why did you encourage it?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): A model student like you surely knows how precious ammo is in a defensive battle.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What did that have to do with your dignified principles?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): W-Well, because…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I kind of thought it would be cool to see it all explode at once, In training, we’re always graded on how much ammo we conserve…

Sorai  Saki
Fail 

Interrogation Log: 977-R-2

Interrogator: Nakatsukasa Kirino, Valkyrie Police School, 1st Year

Suspect: Kazekura Moe, SRT Special Academy, 1st year

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): You’re Kazekura Moe, correct?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The one and only.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hey, hey. Miss Officer, you almost done with your little questioning?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’m running out of candy and I’m b-o-r-e-d. Can I go?

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Absolutely not! We must complete your interrogation.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And your concern here is candy? Please keep in mind you’re a suspect in a very serious crime!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Cooperate, or there’ll be no more candy for you at all!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Alright, alright, Miss Officer.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Let me get to the point, Moe. Why did you occupy the park and disobey police commands?


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Your sentencing would have been much less severe if you had just surrendered.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): …Leaving SRT would’ve sucked.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Well… I can agree that no matter the circumstances, leaving Valkyrie Police School would be extremely painful.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Our relationships and memories are precious. I’ll not that down…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You’ve got it all wrong, Miss Officer.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): If you gave me a ticket away from the RABBIT members, I’d be on the next flight out.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Miyu’s a useless crybaby, and Saki is always just nag, nag, nag. Nagging queen.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Th-Then what were your reasons for wanting to stay?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The big ka-booms of course! The weapons!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Valkyrie Police School could have provided weapons as well if that is your area of interest!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Pffffffft. Those measly little kiddie toys? They’re not even in the same league!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Have you ever felt the rumble of an anti-tank missile tearing through enemy lines? Or seen incendiary bombs that set everything on fire, as far as you can see?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The SRT Special Academy let me blow up what I wanted, with whatever I could dream of!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Even at SRT Academy you’re not supposed to do that! At all!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): (C-Come to think of it, Moe recklessly fired bombs and destroyed shops during the last incident.)

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Although different in nature, SRT and Valkyrie were both created to protect the safety of citizens.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): But all you care about is blowing things up!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Moe, is protecting peace not your utmost priority?!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): It isn’t.

…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): *sigh*

Kazekura   Moe
Fail


Interrogation Log: 977-R-3

Interrogator: Nemugaki Fubuki, Valkyrie Police School, 1st Year

Suspect for Investigation: Kasumizawa Miyu, SRT Special Academy, 1st Year

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Sooo, what’s your name again?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): K-Kasumizawa Miyu, I’m a 1st year in RABBIT Squad… My role is the sniper…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’m fifteen years old… I was born on July twelfth. O-Oh…and I like collecting p-pebbles.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I just needed your name…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): What’s gonna happen to me?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I know what I did in the park was really bad… A-Am I going to be tortured?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Like ticking me all night, or playing the same song on repeat over and over again…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Nooo! P-Please don’t do it! I’m sorry! I’ll tell you everything!


Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): You can calm down… Torturing you would be way too much effort.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): You just have to explain why you did what you did and we can not get outta here. 

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-Because…I was scared of being transferred to a new school.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Why? We’re probably the safest school you could transfer to.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): N-No it’s not like that…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): It’s just that… I don’t wanna have to make new friends all over again…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I mean… Miyako’s the only one who ever really cares about me… But at least I have her.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): If I have to go to a whole, brand-new school…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Who would talk to me? I’m a crybaby and useless. I’ll fade away into nothingness like a piece of gum on the street nobody even notices.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’d rather sleep with those icky bugs than meet new people.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I see… So you’re scared of people?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): N-No, not exactly. But people can forget me.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): And I can’t stand the thought of being forgotten. All by myself… Like a piece of gum…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): That’s why I went to SRT. But now my only home is gone, and I’m really scared…

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Hey, I actually have an idea.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Why don’t you join the Public Safety Bureau? There’s only a few of us, so you’d get in easy.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I chose it because you don’t have to do anything! I just get to eat donuts and avoid people.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): A-Avoid people?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): So, if I join your club, I could go to school and never talk to anyone, ever?

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Um… I mean I think never is kinda impossible.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): We do still have to do some things. Like weird civil complaints and stuff.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Can I just go back to the bugs?

Kasumizawa  Miyu

Fail

Interrogation Log: 977-R-4

Interrogator: [NAME] Sensei, Schale

Suspect for Investigation: Tsukiyuki Miyako, SRT Special Academy, 1st Year

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …It’s you.

Sensei: “It’s great to see you too, Miyako.” / “I’m guessing you didn’t miss me?”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I assume you’ll be conducting my interrogation, Sensei. / I’m surprised I was worth your time. It’s a long trip out here. 

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Stop playing games. My answers will be the same no matter what.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Ask away.

Sensei: “How are you doing?”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): That’s an unexpected question. 

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m fine as you would expect a prisoner to be. I can’t complain much.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Are you trying to negotiate with me? Better conditions for a favor?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): If you think you can get in my head, you’re fighting a losing battle.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I won’t abandon SRT Academy.

Sensei: “Why do you not want to transfer to Valkyrie Police School?”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The first question was unexpected, the second was bad. I’m keeping count.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m not against going to Valkyrie Police School.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I refuse to leave SRT Special Academy.

Sensei: “And why do you not want to leave SRT?”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): A better question. SRT Academy has a unique sense of justice.

Sensei: “Can you tell me about it?”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Maybe I’ve relinquished my right to talk about justice.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s a word you hear a lot in Kivotos.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Students of Trinity, Gehenna, and even Valkyrie all fight for their own brand of justice.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …I think their brand is trite.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Justice is the path to preserving truth.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Inherently, the path has to be based on the truth. If this is so, justice shouldn’t change no matter who carries it out.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): All these academies, Kivotos’ security organizations, everyone mixes politics and justice. And so justice becomes a sword they wield for their own self-interests. They taint it.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): SRT Special Academy… At SRT we served justice with principle, unaffected by society and politics.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It didn’t matter if it was me or Saki or Moe or Miyu. Or who our enemy was. Every member of our organization was dedicated to that path. To preserving truth.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s these principles that made me love SRT Special Academy, ever since I was little.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I respected the justice they pursued. Unaffected by the inherent selfishness of humans.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But I guess for all my idealistic spouting, SRT disbanded and I become a criminal.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m a failure. If I had led my allies better, cooperated with them, united them, I wouldn’t have let them down. I wouldn’t have let SRT down.

Sensei: “You did well.”


…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …You’re a weird one, Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I don’t think I deserve that compliment, especially from you.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We planned everything in advance. On the other hand, you put together a strategy, understood and maximized your allies’ talents, pried open your enemies’ weaknesses, and overwhelmed us entirely in an emergency situation.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I didn’t stand a single chance.

Sensei: “Experience is a sharper sword than you’d think.”

Sensei: “Can I ask again? How are you doing?”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): My answer is the same.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Unless you think you can stop SRT Academy from closing, I don’t need anything from you, Sensei.

Sensei: “That, I can’t make any promises on.”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Well, then know I won’t stop fighting for SRT Academy.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’ll go on fighting for what we believe in, We’ll keep SRT Academy’s justice alive.

Sensei: “Even when there’s no hope?”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I won’t give up.

Tsukiyuki  Miyako

Decision Postponed

[Valkyrie Police School, Public Peace Bureau Office]

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): That’s all the of the suspects’ interrogation
records.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Good work, as usual. Thanks for your 
cooperation.

Sensei: “Has their sentence been decided?”


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Well. Honestly, I wanted to try to assimilate them into Valkyrie Police School after a period of detention.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): But the General Student Council was involved, so the consequences from this incident go way further than my reach. They’re calling for severe disciplinary action.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): They’re considering expunging their academic records and essentially exiling them.

Sensei: “Is there no way to reopen the SRT Academy, as they requested?” 


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You’re a softie, aren’t you? I wouldn’t accommodate a criminal’s request, even if I could.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): The closure of the SRT Academy was the General Student Council’s decision.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): even with all your authority, it’d be nearly impossible to reverse it.

Sensei: “So, who would I need to talk to?”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I can’t answer that question…

Sudden black

???: I believe I can help with that.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Is that…?


Kaya walks in 

Kaya (General Student Council): I’m jumping with joy to finally meet you, Sensei.

Kaya (General Student Council): I’m Shiranui Kaya, representative of the Defense Office under the Kivotos General Student Council.

<<To be Continued>>


















04 - Chief of Staff’s Circumstances
While Kanna and Sensei are examining the interrogation records, Kaya, chief secretary officer of the General Student Council, announces herself. Kaya explains the organizational charts of the General Student Council and why the SRT Academy was disbanded. She then asks Sensei to help persuade members of the RABBIT Squad.
Kaya (General Student Council): Pleasure, Sensei.

Kaya (General Student Council): My name is Shiranui Kaya.
Chief of Defense of the General Student Council Administration
Board.

Sensei: “Administration Board…?” / “Chief of Defense…?”


Kaya (General Student Council): You haven’t heard of it?

Kaya (General Student Council): Administrator Rin didn’t explain about the board, did she?

Sensei: “Nope.”


Kaya (General Student Council): Ack. Truly a woman of few words.

Kaya (General Student Council): Well then, allow me to be your teacher, Sensei!

Kaya (General Student Council): The General Student Council exists to process all of Kivotos’ administrative tasks. This heady task is mainly handled through the Administration Board.

Kaya (General Student Council): The Administration Board is composed of eleven committees, such as the treasury and control room. Senior Administrator Rin, as you know, is in charge of the general office which oversees all of this.

Kaya (General Student Council): And I’m from the Defense Office! We’re a hard-working group keeping the students and citizens safe from any bad guys who threaten Kivotos.

Sensei: “That must keep you pretty busy.”

Kaya (General Student Council): Heehee, it would be remiss of me to claim that. It’s not hard to give orders. Chief Kanna and her staff are the ones who are running ragged to keep the peace.

Kanna stares in silence…

Kaya (General Student Council): But you know, things have been unstable since the General Student Council President disappeared. Uncertainty, political unrest, the whole shebang.

Kaya (General Student Council): If it weren’t for Schale stepping up to fill the hole, I certainly would be as busy as you think.

Kaya (General Student Council): So I’ll have to thank you again for all you’ve done. Maybe over a cup of tea one day.

Sensei: “You said you could help me with the SRT Academy students.” / “Does the Defense Office manage the SRT Academy, then?”

Kaya (General Student Council): Well you see, the Valkyrie Police School students are under the Defense Office’s command, but…

Kaya steps closer

Kaya (General Student Council): That entire explanation I just gave of our organization’s structure? None of it applies to the SRT Academy.

Fade to black

Kaya (General Student Council): Kivotos has many academy districts outside the General Student Council’s jurisdictions, or clubs that privately manage security within their districts.

Kaya (General Student Council): For example, if a student breaks the law within the Gehenna district, then they’re punished by the Gehenna prefect Team’s laws. Not ours.

Kaya (General Student Council): But say a student commits a crime
In shared zones like the DU, where Schale is, then the Valkyrie
Students will step in. Easy enough, right?

Kaya (General Student Council): But the problem occurs if a student
commits a crime in one district, and then flees to another. Who, then,
is allowed to arrest them? There are even cases of Student Councils
From different academies helping to hide them away.

Kaya (General Student Council): We do try to send notices seeking cooperation in these types of situations, but, well, the schools don’t always get along.

Kaya (General Student Council): Thus, we come to the creation of the SRT 
Academy.

Kaya (General Student Council): The SRT Academy was intended to be kind
of like you, actually. An extrajudicial force that can take action against 
Criminals regardless of where they are. Naturally, with the approval of the 
General Student Council president.

Kaya (General Student Council): In order to achieve this goal, only the most
talented of students were selected. And they were armed with the best of 
The best equipment.

Kaya (General Student Council): And, to be sure, they quickly proved their
effectiveness. The FOX Squad, a troop consisting of senior SRT Students,
successfully arrested Wakamo, known as the Fox of Calamity and an 
elusive criminal throughout Kivotos.

Kaya (General Student Council): And then… Poof. The General Student Council president disappeared.

Kaya (General Student Council): The President was gone, and was the 
person responsible for the SRT Academy and all its operations.

Kaya (General Student Council): I would like to say no one wanted to take 
charge of the highly-trained, incredibly well-armed students. But it was more
like no one could.

Kaya (General Student Council): Our Defense Office was put in charge of the SRT students at first, but our…attempts were restricted because of their state-of-the-art equipment.

Kaya (General Student Council): And in the end, the SRT Special Academy was reduced to an empty shell.

Sensei: “I don’t feel like that’s a good enough reason to close it down.”

Kaya (General Student Council): That wasn’t the only reason.

Kaya (General Student Council): Honestly, most executives wanted to maintain the SRT Academy for when the General Student Council hopefully returned.

Kaya (General Student Council): I was among those.

Kaya (General Student Council): But… Well… You see, the FOX Squad members realized that their existence was being threatened. They weren’t the type to stand idly by while we dismantled their way of living.

Sensei: “The FOX Squad…” / “The students you mentioned before?”

Kaya (General Student Council): Yes. The top squad of the SRT Academy that arrested Wakamo, the Fox of Calamity, and several other serious criminals.

Kaya (General Student Council): Until just last month, the SRT students were still armed with all of their advanced equipment.

Kaya (General Student Council): Hearing wind of the plans to shut the school, the FOX Squad armed themselves, attacked the General Student Council, targeting a few of the loudest voices against them, and then disappeared.

Kaya (General Student Council): Not only were some of the Sanctum Tower’s facilities burned down but many student council members were seriously injured and hospitalized.

Kaya (General Student Council): What was then the senior administrator stepped in. She ordered the full closure of the SRT Academy and immediate retrieval of all weapons.

Kaya (General Student Council): But before we could do so, the RABBIT Squad ran away, taking the weapons with them.

Kaya (General Student Council): You won’t find a single sympathetic soul in the General Student Council right now.


Kaya (General Student Council): Sensei, I hear you really care about all your students.

Kaya (General Student Council): Honestly, I’m at the end of my rope here. The RABBIT Squad members are going to have their academic records expunged. The remains of the SRT Academy will be a handful of criminals and vagrants.

Kaya (General Student Council): But they’re not vagrants. They’re elite students who were handpicked for the SRT Academy.

Kaya (General Student Council): To lose such talented students… It would be a loss to all of Kivotos.

Kaya (General Student Council): The end of my long monologue comes to this. Can you convince the RABBIT Squad members to transfer to the Valkyrie Police School?


Kaya (General Student Council): If they agree to transfer, I’ll convince the other chiefs of staff to not expel them.
.
Sensei: “I don’t know if I can.”

Kaya (General Student Council): I do know I’m asking no small task of you…

Sensei: “It’s not about convincing them.”

?

Sensei: “But I can’t force them down a path they don’t want.”


Kaya (General Student Council): …I suppose the rumors about you were true, Sensei.

Kaya (General Student Council): All these students have fought tooth and nail to join the SRT Academy because they believed in it. As their teacher, you won’t ask them to bend their ideals to suit the General Student Council’s needs.

Kaya (General Student Council): Well, I supposed I never agreed with forcing them either. How would I look the President in the eye when she comes back?


Kaya (General Student Council): What a situation. Technically, the RABBIT Squad should be punished to the severest degree possible for their actions…

Kaya (General Student Council): But rules are meant to be broken!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Ch-Chief of staff?

Kaya (General Student Council): Oops, I’m not supposed to say things like that, aren’t I?

Kaya (General Student Council): Let’s forget about that one, Chief Kanna.

Kaya (General Student Council): Sensei, the Defense Office will gladly cooperate with you.

Kaya (General Student Council): I’d like to see the happy ending you envision. Please, guide the students to their dreams.

Kaya (General Student Council): Instead of the Disciplinary Council, I’ll let you decide the RABBIT Squad’s fate.

Kaya (General Student Council): Send them wherever they want to go, keep them in Schale. Wherever you want.

Kaya (General Student Council): Well, unless what you want is to reopen the SRT Academy. My influence has its limits.

Sensei: “Are you sure about this?”


Kaya (General Student Council): Haha! I’ve never been more sure.

Kaya (General Student Council): The Administration Board has faith in me, and I’ll make it up to the other chiefs of staff one way or another.

Kaya (General Student Council): It’s a small price to pay for our ultimate goal, right?

Kaya walks closer

Kaya (General Student Council): Sensei, please guide the SRT Academy to whichever future you believe in.

<<To be Continued>>

05 - Unresolved Distrust
Sensei is suddenly given the task of managing the RABBIT Squad and advises the squad members to stay in the comfortable Schale office. They’re suspicious of Sensei’s intentions and instead continue camping as homeless students in the park.

[Valkyrie Police School Main Building Lobby]

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Everyone… How are you doing?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I didn’t know you were here, Miyako.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Miyako… Thank goodness.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The gang’s all here. Looks like they finally ran out of questions.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): They ran out of lollipops so I’m pretty much done with this place.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Moe, they’re hardly going to just let us walk out of here.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The fact that we’re all here together means they’ve decided our sentencing.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): And after everything we’ve done… I expect our academic records will be expunged.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh, boo-hoo. The SRT Academy went ka-boom so it doesn’t matter what they do.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-But, what if it’s even scarier than getting kicked out of school?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hm. Well, I guess.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Watch out, Miyu. They’re gonna drag us to an underground facility and do weird, illegal experiments on us. You’ll be the first since you’re the smallest.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Me?!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): …It’s over for us.

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m sorry. If I had done better…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): You all wouldn’t be in this situation.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Why are you apologizing to us?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): You think we would do something we didn’t want to, even if you were the squad leader?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Don’t take this the wrong way. Or do, actually. But Miyako, you’re not leader of anything anymore now that the academy’s gone.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Don’t act all high and mighty. We had no expectations of you from the beginning.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I… I just…

Sensei: “Hello, everyone.”

Moe (RABBIT Squad): This weirdo?!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): The Schale sensei?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Eeeek!


Sensei: “I guess I’m not very welcome here.”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): You’re still here, Sensei?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Do you have unfinished business at Valkyrie?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Are we the unfinished business?

Sensei: “Yep. I’m here to deliver the Administration Board’s decision.”


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): …N-Noooo!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Spit it out, Mister. We’ll take whatever you throw at us.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): *gulp*

*Flips page*

Sensei: “The RABBIT Squad is free.” / “You’re free to go.”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Huh?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): For once, I’m speechless.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Does that mean we can go back to the SRT Academy?

Sensei: “Free to go anywhere except SRT.”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I had my hopes up for a moment.

Time skip 

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We must have been placed in Schale’s charge since Sensei was the only one to successfully suppress us.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I understand the situation now.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): What is your order, Sensei?

Sensei: “What do you want your order to be?”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I don’t think that’s how that works.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I just wanna go back home…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I want a fluffy bed and a shower. My social battery is spent after that interrogation nonsense.

Sensei: “Why don’t you rest at the Schale dorms for a while?”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …Suspicious.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): What respectable teacher invites female students to their dorms? Hmm?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I find it hard to trust you as well.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): You probably h-hate us because of what happened…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You’ve come up with an evil plan, haven’t you?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I heard rumors that Schale is ridden with wiretapping devices.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): A-Are you going to blackmail us?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee. Sensei wants to use us for their shameful desires.

Sensei: “Why would I do any of that?! I’m a teacher” / “What kind of a person do you think I am?!”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We can’t accept your offer.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Our mission from the beginning has been to resist the General Student Council’s decision to shut down the SRT Academy. Seeking comfort in the Schale dorms would negate all our actions.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): And where at Schale would we continue our regular training?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Resting and relaxing in the dorms isn’t conducive to the rigor and discipline we believe in at SRT.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Are you gonna let me blow things up at Schale? Huh?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I still think Sensei is scary…

Sensei: “Why don’t you camp out in the park, then?”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Kousagi Park? Where we had our protest?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …That actually isn’t a bad idea. The park reminds me of our field warfare training grounds. It’s sort of comforting.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): And all my toys are still there!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I g-guess it’s the closest to home we have…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The optics aren’t great if we do return there, however. It’ll look as if we’re being allowed to continue our protest.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Are you sure you’re okay with that?

Sensei: “Sure. I’ll pack your bags.” / “When’s the move?”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’re not your usual powerless students to protect, Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We still don’t trust you, and we still don’t need your help.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): No amount of kind words or gestures will change our minds.

Sensei: “I’ve known that from the start.” / “I’m really just here to help.”


…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …You confound me.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Until next time, then.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Nex time, you’ll be our enemy!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Haven’t we been from the beginning?!

RABBIT Squad walks away

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Miyako! Wait for me!

<<To be Continued>>





















06 - Food Delivery Operation
The next day, Sensei visits the park and finds the squad members starving. They continue to decline Sensei’s help, so Sensei tells them about a place to get free food instead. When the squad members arrive there, they learn that the free food is discarded bentos from a nearby convenience store.

(The next morning, I went to the park to check on how the RABBIT Squad was doing.)

[In Front of Kousagi Park]

Walking

Sensei falls

Scene turns black

Sensei: “Wh-Woah!” / “Who put a trap here?!”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The Schale Sensei?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Here I thought it was a dirty, stray dog.

Sensei: “A dirty stray dog… You wound me.” / “Why is there a trap here?”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): It’s your fault for getting caught.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We’re securing the perimeter against possible intruders.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Is that our least favorite Sensei?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Ooh, I’d be careful. I buried a mine around there.

Sensei: “This is overkill!” / “Where is it?!”

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee. I dunno where it is m though.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Let’s see… How to find it… I guess if something goes ka-boom, voila! We found it!


Sensei: “You guys are turning this park into a war zone!”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Well, how else are we supposed to protect ourselves?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): This is basic procedure!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Apparently anti-tank mines and exploding trap wire isn’t basic procedure though…

Sensei: “I’m guessing Miyako told you that…”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): When on a mission, you can never be too prepared.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Never be lulled into a false sense of security. That’s what losers do.

Miyako walks in

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Saki, Moe… Are you both okay?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I heard a lot of noise coming from over here.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): E-Eeek… I-It’s Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Hello Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): What business do you have, before the sun is even up?

Sensei: “How did you sleep last night?” / “I wanted to see if you needed anything.”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Fine. You shouldn’t worry yourself so much.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): SRT Students are well-trained for these kinds of situations.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Yeah! We could pitch a tent and get a fire going with our eyes closed.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Survival skills are a must for any SRT student.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Well, we’re hardly in the wilderness here. We have running water and electricity. It’s practically a 5-star hotel!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): And there’s lots of shade too, so lookout duty isn’t bad.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The situation is entirely under control, Sensei. You may leave.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Yep, yep, yup! No issues whatsoever. Nada! Zero! Zilch!

Stomach rumbles

Sensei: “Was that noise…”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I-It was thunder. Maybe we should prepare for a thunderstorm.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Saki! Your tummy betrayed us all, you dummy.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): It’s not like I can stop it from happening, all right?!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I wanna go home…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): As I said, we’re all quite content here.

Stomach rumbles

Sensei: “...Is that so?”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You ever heard the term “hangry”? It means I’, angry because I’m hungry!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Y-You see, Sensei…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You know what, fine! Yeah! We haven’t seen a single crumb of food since yesterday.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This base was built from a retrofitted park, and the only consumable thing is water from the drinking fountains.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): and there isn’t anywhere we can request supplies from.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Ugh. We should have gotten food rations from the SRT Academy.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who brought this anti-aircraft missile instead? Can you eat an anti-aircraft missile? Huh?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hey! Don;t come after my missiles just because you’re hungry.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): They’re important too! Think about the glitz and glamor of its KA-BOOM!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): And anyway, Miss Hypocritical. Didn’t you just bring a bunch of textbooks? Why don’t you eat the paper?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Th-The blasphemy!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We’re still SRT students. How could a dedicated student possibly leave their textbooks behind?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th-There are some shops around, but our student accounts were suspended so we have no money.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): And now we’re going to be left here, forgotten and starved. Slowly wasting away into nothingness…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I wanna go back to the SRT building… It’s not fair.

Sensei: Produce instant cup ramen.

!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Is that…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Is that instant cup ramen?!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Th-The Mitoshin brand chicken soy sauce ramen! I normally only drool this much for explosives.

Sensei: “I brought a lot of different flavors.” / “There’s enough for everyone.”

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Well, if the ever-generous Sensei is simply insisting we take the ramen, what’s a lil’ girl like me to do?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Stop right there.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I would beware of accepting that.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Providing essential goods to people in desperate circumstances only to extract whatever they want in return is an extortion tactic as old as time.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We don’t know what Sensei’s true motivations are. Don’t be fooled by their supposed kindness.

Sensei: “I really just don’t want you to starve to death.”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you looking down on us, Sensei?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Any agent worth their salt knows not to consume anything you didn’t personally pack during an operation.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’ll never accept your extortion food!

Sensei: Open the instant cup ramen.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Wh-What are you doing?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We really aren’t going to eat a single bite, you know!

Sensei: Add boiling water and wait three minutes.

Scene fades black

Clock ticking

Scene returns

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Urgh…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Is this a new form of t-torture?

Sensei: “It smells pretty good, huh?” / “It’s getting colder as we speak.”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Stay strong, RABBIT Squad! See Sensei’s cunning tactics to break down our will?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I guarantee Sensei is waiting for us to take the bait to attack!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Th-That’s right!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Do you really think you’ll break my will with a cup of cheap instant ramen?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I want something a hundred times yummier if you’re going to extort me!


Sensei: “If that’s really what you want. More for me.”

…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): S-Saki, I’m losing concentration…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Can’t you smell the umami in the savory broth? Sensei’s every slurp drives me closer to madness!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Stay strong, Moe. The elite students of SRT can’t be brought down by the one measly cup of ramen.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Everyone! Take a deep breath and focus!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Remember how we learned to counteract torture methods with antipsychotic drugs at the academy?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): This stimulus of the ramen’s smell may be strong, but our will is stronger!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): This is worse torture than tickling…but I’ll do my best.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’ll never give up on the SRT Academy, Sensei!


Sensei: Add an onsen egg.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Th-Th-That just now. That was an onsen egg, wasn’t it?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): L-Look at the soft consistency of the yolk. It can only be one thing.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): The thick, salty broth is seeping into the barely set egg…turning it into a savory pudding-like treat…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Prepared with all the fixings like that…even that cheap instant ramen cup…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …Must be delicious!

Sensei: “...Do you want some?”


Everyone: Yes!

Sensei: “I think they might have some at Valkyrie.” / “Valkyrie has even better ramen, I’ve heard.”

?!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I knew it. As I said, an extortion trick as old as time.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You’ve revealed your true colors, you evil grown-up!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I agree! That was m-mean, Sensei…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I thought I was the crazy one around here…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’ll reiterate. We have no intention of transferring schools.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): You thought you could take advantage of our abysmal situation. But we will remain here, where we can preserve the convictions and justice we’ve always fought for at the SRT academy.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Creature comforts are no substitute for conviction.

…

Sensei: Hand over an address written on a piece of paper.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): What’s this?


Sensei: “It’s okay to get food from anyone but me, right?” / “Go to this address and you can get fed for free.”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): You’re offering us food? For nothing in return?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’ve made it clear, we’re not students you can help, Sensei.

Fade to black in Miyako’s head

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (Sensei’s sudden shift in tactics is suspicious to the say least, but…)

Fades back into the scene

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Understood. I don’t believe we have much choice but to accept. 

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): So… Thank you. Sensei.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Do you really believe that willy Sensei has no evil
intentions sending us here?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Maybe our conviction swayed Sensei’s mind.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Puh-lease, Miyu. Ugh, this is why I can’t stand you.
Do you really think our googly eyes and grumbly tummies made someone
like Sensei go, “Oh dear, I have to help these poor students out of the
goodness of my heart?”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I-I don’t know. Sensei seemed sincere when they gave us the note.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Maybe they’d even help us bring back SRT.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This should be the place.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Wh-Where’s the food? Saki, catch me. I think I’m gonna faint from hunger.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Wait, isn’t this where the Schale office is?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): There’s only old weapons and junk…

Sora (Angel 24): They should be here by now.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Hey, [NAME] Sensei directed us here.

Sora (Angel 24): Ah, yes! I’m glad you found it!


Sora (Angel 24): I’m so happy Sensei set this up for me! You must be…

Sora (Angel 24): …The Bento Disposal Specialists!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): B-Bento Disposal Specialists?!

Sora (Angel 24): Yes! Our convenience store isn’t the most popular, so we end up having a lot of old product.

Sora (Angel 24): Usually I have to get rid of them myself, but it’s a lot of work for someone as small as me.

Sora (Angel 24): So when Sensei told me they found some people to come dispose of them for me, I was so happy! They’re right here.

…

Everyone: …

Sora (Angel 24): Oh no! Did I offend you? Oh my gosh, are you not the disposal specialists?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh no, not at all! That's us! The Bento Disposal Specialists at your service!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We just weren’t sure if this was the right place!


Sora (Angel 24): Oh, that’s a relief… But th-the looks on your faces are a little scary right now…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Because we’re hungry!! *ahem* I mean, because we work so hard, you know? Hah! Haha!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You don’t happen to have any old milk or drinks, do ya?

Sora (Angel 24): Oh yes, of course! Let me bring you everything right now!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you stupid, Moe? Accepting expired lunches? 

Saki (RABBIT Squad): How could you stoop so low?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): They’re about to expire, not expired, okay?! What else are we supposed to do, Miss Superiority? 

Saki (RABBIT Squad): B-But… We’re the RABBIT Squad of the SRT Academy! Elites of the elite!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Well, go get your panties in a bunch somewhere else!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’m gonna enjoy every last delectable bite of lunch myself.

?!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): W-W-Wait a second! I didn’t say I wouldn’t eat! Please, Moe!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Is this the end for us?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Is this our lives now? Begging for food like stray dogs, never knowing the sweet comfort of a home-cooked meal…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): [NAME] Sensei…

Sudden black

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I will never, ever forget this insult. Never.

<<To be Continued>>




























07 - Operation Carrot 1
The RABBIT Squad members solve their food problem thanks to the discarded bentos from the convenience store. But they soon encounter hygiene issues as there’s nowhere to bathe in the park. Sensei proposes using a drum barrel as a bathtub, and the squad members set out to find old drum barrels.

(A few days later I visited the park to check on how Miyako and the rest were doing.)

[In Front of Kousagi Park]

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Hold it right there, Moe! Who said YOU get
to have the yakiniku bento?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I did, actually. What are you gonna do 
about it?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): You took the shogayaki bento yesterday!
It had the most meat! Give me that back and take this mung bean sprout bento,

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Make me! I don;t see you jumping at the chance to eat that junk.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): H-Hi. I’m still here. C-Can I eat this Vienna sausage bento?

Saki & Moe: Yes!!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Will you settle down? You’re acting like wild dogs fighting over the last bone. It’s undignified.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’re not even certain where our next meal is going to come from right now. The best thing to do is fill our stomachs while we can and not fight amongst ourselves.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Hm? Oh yeah? Do you want the mung bean sprout bento then?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …I think I’ll eat this karaage bento here. No one wants it, right?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): That’s the most expensive one here, Miyako! You’re not doing anyone any favors!

Sensei: “So, how’s it going??”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Is your superpower bad timing or something?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I promise we’re not fighting over old expired bentos.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What’re you doing here? We were about to have a nice, friendly lunch with our beloved squad members.

Sensei: “You have a weird definition of friendly.” / “Most people would call that fighting.”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Maybe you’re the weird one, Sensei!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): To you it may have looked like yelling, but to us it’s simply our very fair, democratic process of distributing our rations.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): No matter the results, we’re comrades-in-arms who are dedicated to our cause and each other! We’re all willing to make the necessary sacrifices!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’m sure you don’t mind sacrificing the yakiniku bento then~

Saki (RABBIT Squad): If you don’t take your stinking hands off that bento…

…
Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Well. This is embarrassing.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But as Saki said… There’s nothing to concern yourself with.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Our initial food supply problem has been resolved. We’re fine.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-Is it resolved? We’ve just been scrounging for thrown-out bentos…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee, are you surprised Sensei? Your little plan to humiliate us with leftovers as Bento Disposal Experts went flop like a dead fish!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Yes. The disciplined students of the SRT Academy would never let something so trivial deter us from accomplishing our mission.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You thought you would humiliate us into submission, but it backfired! Now we can survive here for as long as we want. So, go away!

Sensei: “You say that, but you look a little peaked…”


Sensei: “Do you have a fever? Are you sick?”


Sensei approaches

?!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): N-No! Don’t come closer!


Saki backs away

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Take one more step and I’ll show you the strenuous combat training we receive at SRT!


Sensei: “Why are you panicking?”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Well Here comes embarrassment number two.

Sensei approaches Miyako

Gun fires

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Stop inching closer. Or I won’t miss next time.

Sensei: “Why is everyone so on edge?”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): It’s because…of the smell…

Sensei: “I knew I shouldn’t have eaten fish.” / “I shower every day! I promise!”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): N-No! It’s not that, Sensei!

Sensei: “Have I smelled bad this whole time? And no one told me?” / “Out of everything, this might’ve hurt my feelings the most.”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Dammit, Sensei! No! WE’RE the ones who smell!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Saki, have you heard of… Hmm, how do you say it? Oh yeah. SHUTTING UP?!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Don’t tell me you don’t feel gross too! I can’t even remember the last time I showered!


Sensei: “Why don’t you go to a public bath?”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Does money grow out of our ears? If we can’t even buy food, how are we meant to afford public baths?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I don’t wanna wash in public restrooms anymore… You can’t even take a real shower in them.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Having to rough it out is par for the course during operations. But it’s not very sustainable in the long run…

Sensei: “If you need a place to get cleaned up, you can use the showers at Schale.”


…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’ve never heard anything more suspicious in my life.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And we’ve heard some pretty suspicious things in our time.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Wh-Wh-What are you gonna do while we shower? Are you gonna steal all our weapons?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’ve seen this on TV! Sensei wants to sniff our icky, stinky clothes while we shower. Isn’t that right, Mister Weirdo?!

Sensei: “What do you guys think I am?!”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): An adult who can’t be trusted.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Evil incarnate.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Someone I’d like to blow up?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Maybe, it won’t matter…

Sensei: “...This is cruel.”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The point is, please refrain from visiting the park until we can shower. You can refrain from visiting again at all, actually.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): “Until we can shower.” And just when would that be?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We have no hot water, and a cold shower is this weather is a recipe for illness.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh! Oh! How about I throw an incendiary bomb into the bathroom and it’ll warm up the water! Heehee, Moe you’re just too smart sometimes.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I think that’ll just make everything dirtier. Including us.

Sensei: “What about an empty drum barrel?”


…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): A drum barrel?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): …We could fill one with water and light a fire underneath it.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I have seen it done before at Hyakkiyako Academy. It seemed to work.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Do I look like a freaking ninja to you? Do you want to die?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Another dumb idea from the dumb teacher. They only do that in the old movies.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Seriously! Are you an old fart, Sensei?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I hate to say this but…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): What are our other options? Install a tub in the park?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): That’s expensive. We’re a buncha broke students.

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Moe. Access Kivotos’s digital resource management system and locate any work sites utilizing drum barrels nearby.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Everyone else. Gear up and be ready for dispatch.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Dispatch? Have you lost your mind, Miyako?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Successful operations aren’t just flashy shooting skills. Without meeting our basic needs, the squad will never be able to perform at their best.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): So, starting now…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Commence Operation Carrot: Secure a drum barrel tub!


<<To be Continued>>



























08 - Operation Carrot 2
The RABBIT Squad members start to collect drum barrels at a loading dock near DU. But Saki still doesn’t trust Miyako and continues to complain about her leadership. Saki takes over, but Miyu gets lost when she fails to cope with the unexpected situation.

[The D.U. Harbor Loading Dock.]

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This is RABBIT 1. Time is 2100 hours.
I’ve arrived at Point Delta.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Area clear, confirmed. Moving to retrieve
the carrot at Point Echo.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Helloooo! Camp Rabbit, back in her element! Squad member GPS signals are locked and loaded, baby!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): The loading dock’s security is changing shifts, just like we planned.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): So dance your pretty little self down straight to Point Echo.

Sensei: “I’m still not thrilled about this…”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I didn’t ask, Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): If your intention in coming was to lecture us, you’re not needed here.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): A special ops site is no place for you to be anyways, Sensei.

Sensei: “I’m just worried something might happen.”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Are you worried we might steal something? Do you think so little of is?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Students of the SRT Academy are dedicated to our mission: to protect the safety of the citizens. We would not steal civilian property.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Based on our intel, the empty drum barrels here are already scheduled for disposal. We won’t cost them any money.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): In fact, we negate their disposal costs and labor.

Sensei: “Why not just ask for them?”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): S-Sensei…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Sensei does think that little of us! Do you think we’re beggars on the side of the street? We won’t get down on our knees and ask for someone else’s trash.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Get it through your head! We are elite members of the SRT Academy and we will not accept your charity, Valkyrie’s charity, or some stupid industrial company’s charity!

Sensei: “But before…”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): W-Well, with the bentos…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I don’t have to defend myself!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We secured discarded bentos through our own effort! That was not charity!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): You’ll never break our pride!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 2. You need to lower your voice. We’re on enemy turf.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Let’s move out. RABBIT 2, lead reconnaissance ahead but if you see the enemy do NOT engage.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Oh, who died and made you boss again, Miyako?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 2, please refer to my codename during missions. This is basic protocol.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Oh NOW you’re a stickler for protocol?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Stop trying to distract from my question. What gives you the right to order me around?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Th-That’s… I am the squad leader of RABBIT…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Oh? And who made you the squad leader, huh?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Wasn’t it those little snotheads from the General Student Council? The ones who shut down the SRT Academy?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …

Saki (RABBIT Squad): So, tell me. Considering we’re rebelling against the General Student Council, what makes you think you still get to boss us around?

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …I don’t think this is a matter the two of us can decide.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Both options suck. Bleh.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I don’t wanna pick sides…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Understood.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): For this mission, Saki will take the lead of RABBIT Squad.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 2, your orders.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): That’s what I thought. We’re just dealing with a bunch of security guards, not trained enemies.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I received top marks on all my simulated extraction trainings. Just watch me.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Uh, Saki…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I mean, RABBIT 2. Where should I stand by?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Oh? As our sniper?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): W-Well… Um… I wrote down the notes on effective sniper placement… Not that one, in an urban environment…

Security Guard appears

Security Guard A: Geez. Boss made me drink too much at dinner again… I need to go to the bathroom.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Enemy approaching!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): There’s not supposed to be a patrol route this way!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): He’s looking for a bathroom! This wasn’t in the plans.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): S-Saki! He’s coming towards me! Wh-Wh-What do I do?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I suck at hand-to-hand stuff. Can I run away…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): S-So… Um…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Up! Take the high ground! Get as high as you can!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): According to the textbooks, the basics of sniping involves securing a higher line of sight.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Wait, Saki, no! High points might be good for sniping, but she won’t be able to esca–

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Shut up, Miyako! I got this under control.

Security Guard A: Did I just hear something?

?

…

Security Guard A: INTRUDERS!


Security Guard A: You thieves! Are you after the latest shipment?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who’re you calling a thief?!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Everyone, engage! Make your way to Point Epsilon and be sure to cover each other’s backs. We’re outnumbered.

<<Combat Sequence>>
Sensei and the squad members plan to rescue Miyu, who has gotten lost. Following Sensei’s plan, Miyako and Saki infiltrate the target area while wearing drum barrels and they safely rescue Miyu. The squad returns home and takes a well-deserved drum barrel bath.

Security Guard A: Tsk, where did those thieves go?

Security Guard A: They’re here somewhere! Search every nook and cranny.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Stop calling us thieves!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Saki, please be quiet! Hostiles are still nearby.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 1, reporting in to Camp RABBIT. We’ve arrived at Point Echo and the carrot has been secured. No injuries to report.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But our original evacuation route is blocked now.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And more enemy reinforcements are on the way.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh, wow. Saki messed up again? I’m sooo surprised. Not.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Little Miss Top-of-Her-Class, but absolutely trash at actual field work.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Shut up, Moe! I’m still better than you!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I-I don’t understand, I thought it was the perfect plan…

Sensei: “There’s no such thing as a perfect plan in real life.”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I thought I could show off SRT’s strength to Sensei… Instead I just embarrassed myself and the academy.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Wait, where’s Miyu?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): She’s not with you? Her GPS indicator is right next to yours.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): That doesn’t make sense…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyu, that dummy!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): She left her radio in the bag!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): She must’ve panicked and left when the enemies started approaching her.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Let me think. Miyu has a tendency to follow orders to a T. You said go as high as she can…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I would assume tower crane at Building B.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): There’s no way. That area’s crawling with security guards.
Saki (RABBIT Squad): There’s no means of escape from there either. She’s got to be stuck up there.


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): What should we do, Saki?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Is that even a question? Operation Carrot is now a rescue mission.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We’ll have to leave the drum barrels. There’s no way we can fight and carry them at once.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Unfortunately, yes. Getting Miyu back safe and sound is our top priority as of now.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But we’re severely outnumbered. We need to prepare for some damage on our end.

?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Sensei?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): You have a plan?

Sensei: “Let’s put these drum barrels over our heads.”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m sorry? You want to hide under the barrels all the way to Miyu’s location?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We need realistic solutions, Sensei.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …I have read something like this before.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): In one of our textbooks, they talk about some legendary agent who would hide under boxes and barrels to pull off impossible infiltration missions.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): How do you intend to move around? 

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Look, it’s not the best, but what else are we gonna do?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I would rather use my precious textbook as a coaster than listen to Evil Incarnate over there…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): But…Miyu is in this situation because of me. I can’t let her down.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Understood. I’ll put my faith in you for this mission.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Find and equip yourselves with a drum barrel.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Let’s move out! Operation Carrot: Save Miyu!

Scene changes

Drum barrels scrummaging through

Security Guard A: I might sound crazy but, has that drum barrel always been there?

Security Guard B:There’s drum barrels all over, it’s a loading dock. What’s gotten into you?

Security Guard A: That’s why I said I might sound crazy, but…

Security Guard A: I swear that drum barrel was moving a second ago.

Security Guard B: Did you drink too much at dinner again?

Security Guard B: Well, sober up. The boss is going to have our heads if we let the thieves get away.

Security guards walk away

…

Miyako (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): …I don’t understand it. How is this working?

Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): I gotta admit, I was pretty skeptical.

Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): But this is the easiest infiltration we’ve ever done.

Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): If I had known they would be this effective, I would’ve brought more for future missions.

Miyako (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): Haha, it would’ve been a little difficult for just us to carry more barrels back.

Miyako (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): When we get back to the SRT Academy one day, we can request some budget to be allocated to purchasing as many as you’d like.

Miyako (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 2, We’re reaching the rendezvous point. Prepare for contact.

Scene changes

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Wh-Where did everyone go?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Saki? Miyako? Anyone at all? S-Sensei?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): If I talk too loud, the guards’ll come and get me… And… And I think I forgot my radio…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): It’s really happening this time. They forgot I exist and went back home.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’ll fade away like a bad dream… Th-They’ll laugh and make memories while I turn into dust on this crane…

Barrel approaches

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Gyah! What’s that?

Barrel rummages 

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): It… It moved?! It’s a moving drum barrel!

Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): Miyu! Miyu!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): It knows my name? Wait… It’s talking?!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Wh-What the heck is that? A new UMA? Or the creepy-crawling doom of impending chaos?

Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): Hurry up and get in here!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): It’s a monster! It wants to eat my alive!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): P-Please spare me, barrel monster! I’m tiny so I’m not yummy, I promise!


Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): What are you saying? C’mon, get in already!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’ve been abandoned and forgotten in this cold lonely world… A-And now… I’m gonna be gobbled up by the evil barrel monster? 

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I WANNA GO HOME!


Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): Are you serious right now?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyu, pay attention! It’s me, Saki.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Saki?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I disguised myself as a drum barrel so we could come rescue you. Look, no scary barrel monsters.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Waaah… Saki… I thought you forgot about me for good! *sniffles*

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Y-You really think we would do that?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): C’mon now. No more crying. You’re an elite agent of SRT!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Okay… *sniffle*

Saki (RABBIT Squad): C’mon, into the drum barrel before the guards come around.

Whistle blares

Security Guard A: INTRUDERS!


Alarms blaring

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Oops. A little late for that.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hate to break up your reunion, but you’ve got reinforcements coming from left, right, and center!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 2, it’s your call! Do we engage?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The textbook response in a situation like this is…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): RUN!

Sudden black with gunfire and explosions 

(They quickly fled to the park, protecting themselves from the rain of bullets with the drum barrels…)

[Kousagi Park, Squad Campside]

Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): *huff* *puff* Those persistent security 
guards… Did we actually lose them?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Woah, woah, whoa. Who let this thing in? Is it a cryptid? Or the crawling chaos of Kivotos?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I just can’t figure it out… Maybe I should make it go ka-boom…

Saki (Barrel) (RABBIT Squad): Stop joking around. It’s us!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): And how did you and Miyu have the exact same reaction? What’s this crawling chaos nonsense?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m relieved everyone made it back.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And not only that, but all in one piece.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): You weren’t hurt, were you, [NAME] Sensei?

Sensei: “All in one piece as well.” / “Not a scratch, thanks to my trusty barrel!”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m glad. If Sensei had been injured accompanying us on a mission…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The General Student Council would’ve had our hides.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee, Sakiiii~ Do you need some medicine for your poor little ego? Miss Perfect didn’t last five minutes as squad leader before everything went ka-boom.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Admit it. You’re just as good as me at field work.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I-If it weren’t for that small mishap, I could’ve sleepwalked through that mission!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Why do things never work out the way they do on paper?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-Because reality is different from our textbooks…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Regardless, the operation was a success. We retrieved the carrot and no one was hurt.


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And that really is thanks to you, Saki.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …Thanks.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): More importantly, I’m sweaty and smell like gunpowder.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’m dying to scrub off all this grime, but bathing while camping isn’t as easy as turning a knob.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heeheehee. I had a feeling you’d say that.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Ta-da! I got firewood and towels already so everyone can take a nice, toasty bath.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You procured all of these before we even finished the operation?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): That’s technically against procedures and would normally require discipline. But…the whole point of this operation was to take a bath, right?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT Squad, bath time!

Everyone: Yay! Here, hear!










Saki (RABBIT Squad): Ahhh… Now that’s the stuff.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’ve missed this! Hot baths after a mission are the best!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This drum barrel serves as a surprisingly comfortable bathtub too.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And the temperature is just right…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-It’s perfect now, b-but what if it gets hotter and hotter and all of a sudden we’re boiling?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Haven’t you heard about frogs slowly b-boiling alive?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Don’t worry your crybaby little head that much. Look, that thermal imaging equipment is keeping track of the temperature.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’d even say it’s getting a little cool in here…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): How about I sprinkle some thermite powder on the firewood? Heehee.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): For once in your life, will you stop thinking about incendiaries? Is your brain just wired wrong?!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): And it’s perfect right now anyways. I’d rather us not turn into rabbit stew.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I must say, it’s sort of charming. All of us bathing in a park together like this.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Let’s come camping again one day. After we’ve achieved our mission and reopened the SRT Academy.

Sensei: “By the way, are you okay with bathing out in the open like this?”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Of course. There’s no one watching.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Long missions often require us to bathe and change together like this, so it’s nothing new for us.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): And this park rarely has visitors. Any that do come this far will be met with our landmines and automatic turrets.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …But you know. Now that I think about it. Technically, there is someone watching us.

Sensei: “I didn’t really know where to go…” / “I guess I’m…standing guard?”



















Everyone: …

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Standing guard?! You’re spying on bating students right now!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Leave! Leave right now and never come back!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I knew the creepy teacher was gonna do b-bad things to us while we’re vulnerable!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Moe. I hereby authorize you to use every single incendiary you own.

Sudden black

Moe: BLOW UP, PERVERT!

Explosion

Suspicious Voice A: Hey, Boss. We’ve got some newcomers at the
park nearby.

???: People are transient in nature. Much like the wind, they come
and they will leave.

???: You must not allow your inner peace to be disquieted over 
such an insignificant event.

???: If they do not leave, however, they must learn to coexist with us. They must embrace our ideals of non-possession and find release from the worldly desires of society.

???: Tell me. Do you believe they will be able to be enlightened, to commit to our noble cause?

Suspicious Voice A: There’s no way! They’re the greediest people we’ve ever seen.

Suspicious Voice A: They’ve been ravaging the stores for discarded bentos we used to be able to find everywhere. Now, we can’t even find a mung bean sprout bento to spare.

Suspicious Voice B: And, their sticky fingers seem to think everything belongs to them! They’ve been collecting blocks of wood to tarpaulins and more! We probably won’t be able to repair the sanctuary anymore.

???: Oh dear. It appears our new-found visitors are a group of gluttonous goblins.

Silhouette appears

???: Very well, Comrades. Take up your arms.

???: Let us teach these immoral, greedy gluttons…

???: A lesson on the joys of non-possession!

<<To be Continued>>



























09 - A Suspicious Shadow
While shopping at a market near the park, Sensei hears from Kirino that there are suspicious, heavily-armed homeless people nearby. Just when Sensei is thinking they must be exaggerated rumors about the RABBIT Squad, the unidentified homeless group kidnaps Sensei.

[Market near Kousagi Park]

(I was out at a nearby market to shop for some supplies for
Schale.)

???: Is that you, Sensei?

Kirino appears

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): What an unexpected meeting!
Hi, Sensei!

Sensei: “Long time no see, Kirino.” / “What are you doing out here?”

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Yep! I’m patrolling the streets to protect the peace!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And, as an added bonus, checking out all of the street vendors here!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): There’s so many different snacks in this area! I recommend the butcher shop near the front over there. Theri fried croquette is one of the best things I’ve–

?!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): O-Of course that’s not why I’m patrolling this area! That would be shirking my duties. It just so happens that many troublemakers tend to hang out here after school!

Sensei: “I never doubt your work ethic, Kirino.”

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Ahaha… Th-Thank you, Sensei.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): But, Sensei. I heard you’re taking over supervising the SRT students now.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Has there been any trouble in that department?

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): They could be threatening you for food as we speak!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Or have they forced you out of your living facilities and taken over in a rampage?!


Sensei: “There’s nothing to worry about.” / “They’re all good kids.”

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Oh. I’m surprised to hear that.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Considering they’re dangerous enough to point their guns at police officers, I was very concerned they would resist you at every opportunity, Sensei.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): But of course, that’s simply the limitless charisma of our Sensei. Not even those horrible students could do anything about it!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I can only hope to become an exemplary adult like yourself one day, Sensei.

Sensei: “I’m really not as impressive as you think, Kirino…”

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): You’re so funny, Sensei! But if you run into any problems, don’t hesitate to ask the Valkyrie Police School!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Valkyrie’s students are standing by 24 hours a day, 365 days a year to ensure the safety of our citizens!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): We’ve also increased our patrols recently, considering all the atrocious rumors as of late.

Sensei: “Atrocious rumors?”

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Unfortunately. There’s been an influx of armed homeless people terrorizing this area.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Based on their…appearance and incessant fighting over discarded boxed lunches, we’ve deduced these individuals must be homeless people without a permanent residence.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Apparently they’re armed with heavy firearms, as well. That’s why we’ve increased our patrols.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): They even snuck into a guarded harbor and stole a load of waste material! They’re incorrigible bad guys!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): It is strange though. They’re reported to be armed to the teeth, but only seem to be after trash. It’s an enigma, but the Valkyrie Police School is on the case!

Sensei: “There’s no way…”


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): What’s wrong, Sensei? Did you think of something?

Sensei: “Uh. I-It’s nothing.”

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I see. Well, please do be sure to report any suspicious activity you see!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): There seems to be no end to issues lately. We already have our hands full policing delinquent students with their personal firearms, and now there’s a rogue, unknown group that’s heavily-armed?

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): At this rate, I’m going to be wielding a peashooter against a flamethrower! Or worse!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Maybe this is my chance to make a supply request for the Public Safety Bureau students to have the latest firearms?

Sensei: “I think you already know the answer to that one.”


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Haha, I guess I do. Our duties aren’t even technically to fight crime head-on.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And seeing how there’s barely enough budget for bullets these days, I can’t be selfish.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I’ll continue protecting the citizens and students of Kivotos, even if I have nothing left but my bare hands!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And I’m still looking forward to the possibility of being transferred to the Security Bureau as a reward for our recent achievements.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Then I would receive better firearms and, therefore, a better way to protect the peace!

Sensei: “You can do it, Kirino!”

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Heehee! Sensei’s encouragement always motivates me.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Now, if you’ll excuse me. That street vendor is calling my name…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Oops! I mean, back to patrol!

Kirino whisks away

Sensei: Head back to Schale.

???: …

A silhouette appears

???: …Hey, you.

???: Are you [NAME] Sensei?

Sensei: “Yes, that’s me.”

???: I’ve got a bone to pick with you.

???: Will you come with me?

A sound of a bottle spraying

Sensei: “This is…an anesthetic?!”

Fade to black

(I inhaled the smoke the suspicious individual sprayed in my face, and my vision started to blur.)

(Then, I promptly lost consciousness.)

<<To be Continued>>














10 - Non-Possession and Yakiniku Bentos
A robot hippie group called the Pursuers kidnaps Sensei. They’re angry Sensei ordered the RABBIT Squad to monopolize the discarded bento around the area. The leader of the Pursuers, Descartes, tries to negotiate with the RABBIT Squad for Sensei’s release but they don’t care.

Sensei wakes up

???: You’re finally awake.

A robot hippie appears

???: I do apologize for the poor hospitality of my comrades.

???: We don’t often deal with guests, you must understand.

Sensei: “You are?”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Ah, where are my manners. I am Descartes.

Descartes (The Pursuers): I am the leader of this organization, the Pursuers of Non-Possessive Happiness, or the Pursuers for short.

Sensei: “Non-possessive happiness?” / “The Pursuers?”


Descartes (The Pursuers): You mean to say you’ve never heard of our organization?

Descartes (The Pursuers): We are well-known amongst those pursuing a lifestyle of minimalism and peace. To not have heard of us, you must lead an egregious life of excess.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Of course, I already knew that.

Descartes (The Pursuers): I already knew that you’re a selfish human who orders your minions to rob poor folk of their food!


Sensei: “I don’t think I follow…”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Don’t play dumb! I have seen you and these rabbit-eared students plotting and scheming together!

Sensei: “Do you mean the SRT students?” / “Are you talking about the RABBIT Squad?”

Descartes (The Pursuers): It makes no difference what they’re called.

Descartes (The Pursuers): We call them greedy pigs. You are sabotaging our path to enlightenment.

Sensei: “What did we sabotage now?”


Descartes (The Pursuers): …Society calls us by many names.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Leeches, NEETs, Homeless, Good-for-Nothing Layabouts…

Descartes (The Pursuers): But such names are facetious. To call us layabouts…!


Descartes (The Pursuers): We are the noble ones pursuing non-possessiveness!

Sensei: “Non-possessiveness?”


Descartes (The Pursuers): The people of Kivotos today wish to possess everything they lay their eyes upon.

Descartes (The Pursuers): The newest tanks, expensive rifles, cozy bunkers that block missiles…

Descartes (The Pursuers): And so they buy more and more, wishing to fill the gaping hole within them with possessions. The more they purchase, the bigger it grows, until it consumes their very being!

Descartes (The Pursuers): True happiness comes not from having, but from NOT having…

Descartes (The Pursuers): One must be willing to release their attachment to worldly possessions, to let go of the shackles of society and only indulge in what we must to survive! To be free!


Descartes (The Pursuers): We are not leeches upon society. We chose this life: to not work, to not own, to not possess.We freed ourselves of material greed and instead feed our souls with our impoverished lifestyle.

Descartes (The Pursuers): But then, in the midst of our noble pursuit, a group of intruders arrived.

Descartes (The Pursuers): These intruders donned rabbit ears and the most expensive equipment on the market. Their insatiable appetite knew no bounds, plundering every bento they could lay their greedy fingers upon.

Descartes (The Pursuers): They’re like a virus, devouring all in sight. They refuse to leave behind even a mung bean sprout bento…

Descartes (The Pursuers): Yakiniku bentos are so popular that they’re rarely discarded as it is… To monopolize such a luxury solely for themselves…

Descartes (The Pursuers): The senselessness is a slap in the face to all we stand for!

Sensei: “Don’t you stand for letting go of material attachments?”


Descartes (The Pursuers): I-I… Well… You see…

Descartes (The Pursuers): Don’t change the subject! Either way, we cannot just stand idly by and allow this squad of rabbits or bunnies or what have you to carry on with their greedy acts.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Now, the reason I brought you here is to make a demand.

Descartes (The Pursuers): As the leader of these miscreants, you will tell them that from now on, all yakiniku bentos belong to the pursuers!

Sensei: “Those kids aren’t my subordinates.” / “They’re really just my students.”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Student or subordinate, what does it matter? As their teacher, simply make them listen to you.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Don’t look at me like that. Are you truly so incompetent you cannon control your students?

Descartes (The Pursuers): I didn’t want it to come to this.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Don’t move an inch. I’ll call them on your cell phone and make my demands.

Sensei: “I’m trying to tell you, they’re not going to care…”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Now, where is the RABBIT Squad in your contacts list?

Descartes (The Pursuers): Here it is.

Phone rings and picks up

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Yes, Sensei? We’re busy making dinner.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Am I speaking to the leader of the RABBIT Squad?

Descartes (The Pursuers): We are the Pursuers of Non-possessive Happiness, or the Pursuers for short, a collective of monks in this city in search of true happiness. We are noble–

Miyako hangs up

Descartes (The Pursuers): They…hung up?

Sensei: “Maybe they thought you were a phishing scam?”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Ugh… This is why enlightenment eludes these deplorable students…

Phone rings and picks up

Descartes (The Pursuers): Hello? Don’t hang up, this isn’t a prank call.

Descartes (The Pursuers): We have your precious Sensei hostage. If you don’t meet our demands, you’ll never see Sensei again.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Oh, okay. Tell Sensei I said bye-bye.

Saki hangs up

Descartes (The Pursuers): They just hung up?! Again?

Descartes (The Pursuers): Are you really their Sensei? How could these callous students not show the slightest bit of concern for you? What is wrong with all of you?

Sensei: “It’s kind of a long story…”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Drat! I thought our plan was flawless! I was supposed to be rolling in expensive bentos by the end of this…

Descartes (The Pursuers): I didn’t plan for their absolute lack of enlightenment!


Sensei: “How about I try calling them?”


Descartes (The Pursuers): You, personally?

Descartes (The Pursuers): I’ll allow it. However, trying to call the police would end very badly for everyone.

Descartes (The Pursuers): The Pursuers are all very heavily armed, and not afraid to fight for our noble cause!

Sensei: Call the RABBIT Squad yourself.

Phone rings and picks up

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Ugh… Again, Sensei? I stayed up all night and I wanna go to sleep.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): If you call us one more time…

Sensei: “There’s an abandoned top-quality wagyu bento here.”


…

Moe hangs up

Descartes (The Pursuers): Hah! Did you think your precious students would care if they heard your voice?

Descartes (The Pursuers): You got hung up on! Just like me!


Descartes (The Pursuers): Ugh. The only way to salvage this situation is to blackmail some other students with the Sensei.

click

?

A bomb explodes

Saki (RABBIT Squad): SRT! Everyone, back up!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Saki, it’s against protocol to use the academy’s name when we’re not on official business…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I want the top-quality wagyu bento, please.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’ve n-never had wagyu meat before, even at SRT.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I promise, Sensei said there was some here.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I traced their cell right to where you are, so bring us home some meat!

Sensei: “Wow, I didn’t even know you could move that fast.”


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Oh… Hi, Sensei.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Sensei, where’s the top-quality wagyu bento?!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Rapid collection is the key to preserving the freshness of a bento.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Once a discarded bento passes its expiration date, every second counts.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): So, as soon as Moe informed us of your call, we dropped everything and came as fast as we could.

Sensei: “Uh, so the thing is…”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Bahahaha! You completely fell for our plan!


Descartes (The Pursuers): You came here driven by your human desire and were led astray by it!


Descartes (The Pursuers): Imbeciles like you who are driven by greed are consumed by it until it leads them into utter ruin!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What’s this weirdo saying? Where’s the top-quality wagyu bento?

Descartes (The Pursuers): Of course there’s no wagyu bento here. They always sell out immediately when they’re in stock.

Descartes (The Pursuers): But what we do have here, is a lesson of the joys of non-possession.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Comrades, rise! Let us instill our noble cause in these greedy goblins!

Clap

Alarms blaring with marching

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who the hell are these guys? They appear homeless, but all their weapons are state-of-the-art!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-We’re surrounded…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Don’t panic.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Lure them to a tight space. We’ll funnel them through a choke point and pick them off one-by-one.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You think we’re scared of your weapons? Small-fry are still small-fry.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Throw whatever you can at us. You’re no match against SRT elites!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I can p-probably take down the snipers on the second floor.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): All right, I’ll help you with that and deal with the front. Miyako, you have our backs?


…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Always. Stay safe.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Watch out for my signal before the flash bomb. That’s your cue to spread out in formation.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Well then…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT Squad, move!


<<Battle Sequence>>
Faced with the RABBIT Squad’s overwhelming firepower, the Pursuers are helpless and incapacitated. Descartes and the RABBIT Squad have a childish argument over supplies. But with Sensei’s intervention, the fight ends and the squad members return to the park.

Pursuer Member A (The Pursuers): Gyahh!

Pursuer Member B (The Pursuers): Th-They’re too strong… Run!

Descartes (The Pursuers): C-Comrades? Where are you running? The enemy is still there…

Pursuer Member A (The Pursuers): These wimps don’t even have the guts to get a job. Of course they hightailed it out of battle.

Pursuer Member B (The Pursuers): I’m going home.

Pursuer Member B (The Pursuers): I don’t wanna be a hobo anymore!


Descartes (The Pursuers): Wait, no! You have to fight for me!

Gunshots and explosions

Descartes (The Pursuers): Oh no… My precious base… All my expensive decorations I worked so hard to collect… It’s all burning…

Sensei: “What happened to giving up on worldly desires?”

Descartes (The Pursuers): Shut up! Shut up! Everyone likes nice, expensive things!

Descartes (The Pursuers): You… If it weren’t for you…

Scene change

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Site A clear.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): And I took out a-all the snipers, too…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Site B clear.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Site B clear.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Besides those who escaped, all of the enemies on the first floor have been neutralized.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Nice and clean, everyone.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): There might not have been a payload, but no one got hurt.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyako, come check this out. I think…this is a bunch of canned food.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Smoked salmon, bacon…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): There’s even scallops preserved in oil!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What a payload! Imagine eating our bentos with these delicacies!


Descartes (The Pursuers): Wait… Keep your greedy paws off that!


Descartes (The Pursuers): I’ve been saving that high-quality canned food from Gentsuma to have with a drink!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Miyako, I found a buncha other stuff too. Sleeping bags, tarpaulins…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): We can put this under us when we sleep! The ground get so damp when it rains.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Great job, Miyu.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Moe, please arrange for some transportation,

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): There’s a lot more loot that we expected. We won’t be able to carry it all.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Loot? LOOT?! That’s my STUFF.

Descartes (The Pursuers): It’s all mine! My things. My precious possessions. My everything! You can’t have it!


Sensei: “Ah. Yes. I, too, love the noble pursuit of non-possessiveness.”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): You call all this trash your precious possessions?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I don;t see your little minions anywhere anyways. I don’t think you’ll need any of these anymore.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Correct. And you were also the ones who baited us with false information and attempted to kill us.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I don’t believe this even begins to compensate us for our losses as a direct result of your actions.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Ghh… Arrrgh…!

Descartes (The Pursuers): You leeches! NEEDs! You useless hobos! Why the hell don’t you go out and work to earn your own food?!


Descartes (The Pursuers): If you’re so strong, why’re you scrounging over expired bentos anyway?! Go get a real job! Be mercenaries or something! I don’t care!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’re not mercenaries. We’re SRT agents.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Hmph! Well then you really shouldn’t have stolen our bentos in the first place.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Citizens in poverty battle for survival every day. You think you can just flash your big, fancy weapons and bully everyone into doing what you want? Huh?!

Descartes (The Pursuers): You… You hypocrites!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Us? Hypocrites? Look in the mirror sometime, buddy.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Noble pursuit, this. Non-possession, that. Meanwhile, your supposed enlightenment is just a phony scam to hide the fact that you’re a lazy good-for-nothing!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): A real monk wouldn’t care if they were eating wagyu or mung bean sprouts!

Descartes (The Pursuers): Shut up! I deserve to eat yakiniku bentos too!


Sensei: “Break it up, you two.”

Sensei: “You shouldn’t steal his things. I’ll buy you what you need.” / “RABBIT Squat, leave his things here. I have a credit cart.”


Everyone: …

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We don’t need your help, Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Neither do we need to listen to anything you say… But…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Weird, I don’t have much of an appetite. Must’ve worked too hard.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I think I’ll just eat a mung bean sprout bento at home.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Me too…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Yes. I believe we may get stomachaches if we force ourselves to eat.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Camp RABBIT, this is RABBIT 1. Please cancel transport. Operation complete.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’re returning to base now.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): What about the top-quality wagyu bento?! Sensei said it was there!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Regretfully, it looks like they’re plum out of the top-quality wagyu bento.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Luckily, we have the mung bean sprout bentos from today. They’re even a few days before their expiration.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Does no one appreciate me?! I already arranged transport!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Sorry, Moe. think of it as non-possessiveness.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Didn’t you see?! The glowing look of greed in their murderous little eyes…

Descartes (The Pursuers): It’s just as I said. Attachment to material possessions blinds people with greed, which inevitably leads to violence!

Sensei: “As Saki said… You should look in a mirror.”


Descartes (The Pursuers): Me?! Blinded by greed?

Descartes (The Pursuers): Nuh-uh! Not in a million years!


Descartes (The Pursuers): I am an enlightened one! I understand what true value is in this lost society!


Descartes (The Pursuers): I may have lost comrades today, but I can rebuild!


Descartes (The Pursuers): Actually…I just had a thought. Sensei, why don’t you join the Pursuers yourself?


Descartes (The Pursuers): All you must do to join is prove your commitment to non-possessiveness and give up a very, very small portion of your things.

Sensei: “I’d rather eat a mung bean sprout bento.”


<<To be Continued>>









11 - Heavy Rain Advisory
A sudden heavy rain floods the park where the RABBIT Squad is staying. Despite much effort, when the command tent collapses, the squad loses hope and gives up, except Miyako. Sensei finally arrives and takes the initiative to help Miyako, who’s struggling alone in the heavy rain. Seeing this, the squad members overcome their pride and decide to follow Sensei’s example.

[Schale Office]

(A few days later marked the start of Kivotos’s rainy season.)


Arona: Geez, it’s turning into a rainstorm out there! I hope Kivotos
doesn't turn into a lake.

Arona: We might be dealing with the aftermath of this for a while.

Arona: But I’m sure each school is taking appropriate measures to keep their students safe.

Arona: …I am a little worried about the SRT Academy students at Kousagi Park.

Arona: There’s not much shelter at the park, not even a building for them to hide in.

Arona: I hope they don’t catch a cold.

Sensei: Rush out and check on the RABBIT Squad.

Fade to black

Thundering

[Kousagi Park]

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The tarp has holes all over it!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyu! We need more tarps!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th-That was the last of it. We’re all out.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Dammit. We weren’t prepared for this 
at all.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Moe! Are you still protecting your metal junk?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you crazy? Put them down and come help us!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Over my dead body! If any of my communications equipment gets damaged, I’ll really show you crazy!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): These cost more than your life is worth!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): What about our guns?! Our ammunition? I think your stupid equipment is the least of our concerns.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): If this rain doesn’t let up, we’ll lose everything.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Are you done with the waterproofing? The spillway outside the park needs to be expanded. And soon.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The storm sewers are clogged with mud and are about to overflow.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We need to free them up before we all drown!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’d love to help, but we’re shorthanded over here!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): If we let go, everything’s gonna blow away.

Thundering

Moe (RABBIT Squad): That was not the kind of explosion I like.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-It was a bolt of lighting…that hit the park…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The buttress holding up the command tent…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): It’s collapsing! Eeeek!

Thundering


































Everyone: …

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): The c-command tent caved in…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): All of our ammunition is underwater.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The communications equipment is ruined.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): This is it. The end of the line.























Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s okay. Don’t give up.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We just need to expand the spillway, and I’m sure we can recover and repair some of the equipment.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Forget about the stupid equipment!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): It’s over, Miyako! Us… The SRT Academy… Everything’s over!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): S-Saki…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): If I had known this was gonna be the end result, I never would have tried.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Wh-What are you saying?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We all took an oath from the beginning.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We swore to each other we wouldn’t give up. That as long as we kept putting one foot in front of the other, we could carry the SRT Academy’s mantle ourselves. D-Didn’t we?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Pretty words and pretty oaths, Miyako. That’s all that ever was.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We can’t keep our little game of pretend forever.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): How did we end up here? When did our duties become to scavenge for food and steal empty drum barrels so we can shower?!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): We were better than this! We used to debate the intricacies of justice and bring down felons! Now… Now we’re fighting over expired bentos with hobos.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Tell me, Miyako! Is that what you meant? Is this how you keep the name of SRT alive?!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …This isn’t the SRT I knew.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): All our worldly possessions are sitting a food underwater.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Living out in the streets was fun at first. But it’s getting tiring.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Miyako… I wanna g-go home.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Where are you going, Miyako?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): After all this? You look this disaster full in the face, and want to continue?!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Yes.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I will keep the SRT Academy’s justice alive. I’ll never give up.















Fade to black

Digging

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (The current is so strong… I don’t know how long I’ve been working… I can’t feel my hands and feet…)

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (Maybe they were right. Maybe I am a fool. )

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (But… The justice I believed in… The school that I loved…)

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): No! You won’t break me!

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Sensei?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): You’re here to persuade us again?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We don’t have time for your silly jokes.
Not today.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I don’t care what you have to say. I have to clear the spillway, or we really will be flooded.

Sensei: Grab a shovel and head to the spillway.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Sensei?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I…I don’t understand.

Sensei: “So, you just need the dirt cleared from here?”

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Yes, that’s right.

Digging

Saki enters

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You’re holding the shovel all wrong. Give it.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): …Dummies until the end.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I wanna help.

Fade to black

(The RABBIT member and I worked tirelessly on repairing the spillway for hours.)


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …The rain finally stopped.

Sensei: “You all really pulled through. Great job.”

!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Why do you continue to help us?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’ve told you again and again that we won’t be persuaded.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’ve been trying to solve it this entire time, but I don’t understand. What do you hope to get out of this?

Sensei: “I’m not expecting anything.”


Sensei: “I’m just your teacher.”

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Is that so.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Most of our equipment is waterlogged and damaged beyond repair.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But we did manage to stop the park from flooding completely. Thank you, Sensei.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I-I suppose…we wouldn’t have made it without Miyako though…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): But Sensei, wasn’t your ultimate goal to get us out of this park?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): What kind of stupid Sensei would work so hard to help us stay here?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We knew Sensei was a dummy the first moment we laid eyes on them. Heehee.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): You sh-shouldn’t talk to your Sensei like that, Moe…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’ve rejected your help so many times, and you still came running today when you thought we might need you.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Thank you, Sensei.

Fade to black

(Later, I took my soaking-wet self back to Schale.)


(Perhaps it was the manual labor in the rain, but I ended up having chills and aches for a few days after.)

<<To be Continued>>


12 - Rain-Soaked Bills
[NAME] Sensei goes to the General Student council with a proposal to repair the flooded park. However the executives, including Administrator RIn, refuse to help students of the SRT Academy. Kaya seems to agree to support as best she can, but after Sensei leaves, she threatens Kanna to get rid of the homeless population in Kousagi Town immediately. 

[General Student Council Reception]

Rin (General Student Council): A proposal? What is it for?

Sensei: “Just take a look at it.”


Rin (General Student Council): Hm… A proposal to repair and maintain
the facilities in Kousagi Park that were damaged by the flood…

Rin (General Student Council): The task in and of itself isn't difficult.

Rin (General Student Council): But how is this pertinent to Schale’s activities?

Sensei: “I mean, it’s not exactly…”


Rin (General Student Council): Then, tell me. Is it pertinent to the SRT students?

…

Rin (General Student Council): …Your silence speaks volumes.

Rin (General Student Council): I’ve read the report from the chief of defense. The SRT Academy students have taken up residence in the very same park they staged a protest in. And you’ve been looking after them.

Rin (General Student Council): A conundrum. It isn’t my place to criticize you, Sensei. The Schale organization is structured in a way that I couldn’t even if I wished.

Rin (General Student Council): So, instead, my opinion. The fact that those students are living at the park is immensely distasteful.

Sensei: “Because they’ve taken over a park for citizens?”

Rin (General Student Council): Hardly. It’s a remote park with very few visitors.

Rin (General Student Council): It would have been demolished at one point down the road regardless.

Rin (General Student Council): However…

Rin (General Student Council): The SRT Academy was at one point granted special immunity from the president of the General Student Council to maximize their effectiveness.

Rin (General Student Council): But privileges should only be granted when it serves a purpose. With no purpose, privilege is dangerous.

Rin (General Student Council): You’re already well aware of how the SRT Academy is perceived by most of the General Student Council. They fear them.

Rin (General Student Council): And now you would like to house and arm these students who, in all technicality, are still in open rebellion?

Rin (General Student Council): Imagine the chaos that would ensue if the Administration Board were to hear of this.

Sensei: “Isn’t there anything you can do, Rin?”

…

Rin (General Student Council): No. There is not.

Fade to black

(I met with every single chief of staff to enlist help.)


(But every single response was a resounding no.)


[Chief of Defense Office]

Kaya (General Student Council): …And now you’ve ended up here.

Kaya (General Student Council): You certainly have been busy, Sensei.
Would you like some tea?

Kaya (General Student Council): There’s no need?

Kaya (General Student Council): I supposed the urgency you feel can’t be placated with pleasantries.

Kaya (General Student Council): Then right to the point. I’m afraid I can’t help you either.

Kaya (General Student Council): No matter what its students say, the SRT Academy no longer exists.

Kaya (General Student Council): As much as I’ve tried to find a loophole, it’s impossible to use the General Student Council’s budget for students of a non-existent academy.

Kaya (General Student Council): I tried to finance the park’s renovation as an excuse, but that didn’t work out either since the area’s plans for redevelopment have already been approved.

Kaya (General Student Council): I’m afraid the extent of my power is maintaining the students’ academic record so their data isn’t expunged.

Kaya (General Student Council): I’m sorry. I wish I had a better answer for you.

Sensei: “You’ve done so much already, Kaya.” / “I’ll figure it out one way or another.”


…

Kaya (General Student Council): …Sensei.

Kaya (General Student Council): Have you enjoyed your time with the students of the RABBIT Squad?

Sensei: “I’m fond of them.”


Kaya (General Student Council): I’m happy to hear that.

Kaya (General Student Council): Please continue to look after those students, just as you have been.

!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Ugh.

Sensei: “Back then, at the Valkyrie Police School…”


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What a coincidence. Hey there, Sensei.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Do you have business with the chief of staff?

Sensei: “Yes. You as well?”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Oh… Well…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): More or less. Personal business.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I expect I’ll see you again, Sensei.

Kanna walks away

Door knocks

Kaya (General Student Council): Welcome, Public Peace Bureau Director.
I’m glad you could make it.

…

Kaya (General Student Council): You look like your head is on a chopping block. You’re not in trouble, Kanna.

Kaya (General Student Council): I just wanted a report on my last request.

Kaya (General Student Council): Tell me, Kanna. How much progress have we made on the reconstruction of Kousagi Town?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Well… Preparations are complete, at the least. But there’s a stubborn group of hippies squatting in an abandoned building.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): We haven’t been able to get them to vacate and it’s causing delays in demolition.

Kaya (General Student Council): Come again?

Kaya (General Student Council): Public Peace Bureau Director. Perhaps you misspoke?

Kaya (General Student Council): The valiant Valkyrie Police School, protectors of Kivotos and keepers of peace.

Kaya (General Student Council): I would like you to think very carefully before you answer my next question. Are you to tell me that the elite of the elite of that school, the Public Peace Bureau, cannot muster the competence to rid us of a handful of hippies?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): M-Ma’am. They’re not your average, run-of-the-mill homeless population. We don’t know how or where they procured them, but they’re armed to the teeth with state-of-the-art weaponry!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): They outmatch our riot gear and we haven’t been able to gain a strategic advantage.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Plus, those SRT students you helped out have settled down in the nearby park, making it even more difficult to move.

Kaya (General Student Council): I believe I told you to think carefully about your answer. Are you blaming me?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): N-No, I beg your pardon, Chief of Staff.

Kaya (General Student Council): You see, Kanna. I like people who take responsibility.

Kaya (General Student Council): Me in my position as chief of defense, you as a director… We need to take responsibility for the duties of our roles.

Kaya (General Student Council): What I’m hearing from you right now, Director, is presumptuous nonsense. It’s a disregard for your responsibilities. I hate that.

Kaya (General Student Council): And when people do things I hate, they end up in the same place as those SRT students.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): *gulp*

Kaya (General Student Council): Heehee. Oh, Kanna. Just a little joke. But since you’re struggling with my request, some advice.

Kaya (General Student Council): Are you familiar with the Lesson of Three Arrows?

Kaya (General Student Council): A single arrow will snap like brittle bones. But a bundle of arrows will not crumble so easily.

Kaya (General Student Council): And so, what do you do if you encounter a problem the brittle Public Peace Bureau cannot solve? Simply gather more to your cause.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You don’t mean…?


Kaya (General Student Council): I’m going to find someone less witless than you if you can’t figure out what I mean.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Y-Yes, ma’am.

Kaya (General Student Council): Fantastic. I’m looking forward to reading your report.

Kanna leaves

Kaya (General Student Council): Ugh. Why is every single person I must work with entirely incompetent?

Kaya (General Student Council): I must have done something in a past life to deserve this punishment.

???: You don’t mean us, I hope.

Kaya (General Student Council): Oh, don’t be silly. You’re the best partner I’ve had in my life ♡

Kaya (General Student Council): I will say, I didn’t expect the RABBIT Squad and Sensei to become such fast friends.

Kaya (General Student Council): Quite the opposite effect of what I intended.

Kaya (General Student Council): As an expert, what’s your take on the situation?

???: It’s unexpected, but not surprising.

Kaya (General Student Council): Haha. A boring answer as usual.

???: We’ll keep a close eye on them.

<<To be Continued>>





13 - The Fox and the Inarizushi
Around lunchtime, Sensei finds a lone street vendor selling inarizushi near the park. The part-time student tells Sensei about many rumors surrounding the SRT Academy, including the redevelopment of Kousagi Town. Afterwards, Sensei goes to the park and shares inarizushi with the squad members while discussing future distribution plans.

(Before heading to the RABBIT Squad, I visited a nearby town to grab a meal.)

[Town near Kousagi Park]

(But for some reason, not a single eatery in town was open.)




??: Come and get it while it’s fresh! Hot inarizushi!

Street Stall Part-Timer: Good afternoon, sir! If you’re looking for a meal,
can I interest you in some delicious inarizushi?

Street Stall Part-Timer: If you’re on the go, this is the meal for you! The 
deep-fried tofu pockets are riced-filled so YOU’RE filled!


Street Stall Part-Timer: And, luckily for you, I just made a new batch! You’ll never find fresher!

Sensei: Purchase an inarizushi.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Thank you for your business!

Street Stall Part-Timer: The streets are pretty empty today, so I was scared I wouldn’t sell anything.

Street Stall Part-Timer: It’d be a real shame to waste all this food.

Sensei: “Come to think of it, all of the stores around here are closed too.”


Street Stall Part-Timer: Well, it’s natural with all of the redevelopment efforts starting soon.

?


Street Stall Part-Timer: Oh, you haven’t heard? I thought everyone knew.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Rumor has it they’re going to build a new subway station here.

Street Stall Part-Timer: And they’re going to build a new shopping center on top of it! Seems like they’re going to have to demolish the old plazas first though.

Street Stall Part-Timer: It's this big old construction company behind it… What was their name again? Hm, they’ve got the big octopus logo…

Sensei: “The Kaiser Group?”

Street Stall Part-Timer: Yes, that’s it! Kaiser Construction!

Street Stall Part-Timer: Apparently, Kaiser Construction is staking the future of the company in the redevelopment of this area.

Street Stall Part-Timer: But in the process, some residents were rudely ousted from their shops…

Street Stall Part-Timer: Well, at the end of the day I’m just a part-timer so I’ll always be able to find a new job.

Sensei: Purchase another Inarizushi.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Wow! You must really like my inarizushi.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Thank you! I’m pretty proud of my recipe.

Street Stall Part-Timer: My friends and underclassmen used to always say I had the best inarizushi they’d ever tasted!

…

Street Stall Part-Timer: …My friends from school say that, that is.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Ahem!


Street Stall Part-Timer: Since you bought so much of my Inarizushi, I’ll give you some of the hot gossip.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Kaiser Construction hasn’t even begun their redevelopment here.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Because, according to another rumor, the entire project might end up just being canceled.

Sensei “Why’s that?”


Street Stall Part-Timer: Well, the homeless population around here. I’m sure you’ve heard of that at least.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Some group of hippies got a hold of a bunch of heavy-duty firearms and they raise all manner of hell whenever Kaiser Construction workers even get close.

Street Stall Part-Timer: To make matters even worse, a group of heavily armed students are occupying the park now! It seems like even the police has given up on security around here.

Street Stall Part-Timer: With all these unexpected problems, I guess Kaiser Constructions is considering just getting out of the whole mess.

Sensei: “Students in the park?”

Street Stall Part-Timer: Oh! Do you know them?

Street Stall Part-Timer: Ya know, I kind of consider gossip my specialty.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Here, take another inarizushi on the house! Do you know those students at the park? Do tell!

Sensei: “I don’t have anything to say about them.” / “I don’t really know much either.”


Street Stall Part-Timer: I see. How disappointing.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Well, I know a thing or two at least.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Apparently they’re students from an elite academy.

Street Stall Part-Timer: That’s where they got all of their high-tech equipment and how they took over the park.

Street Stall Part-Timer: But the thing the rumors haven’t addressed is what they’re doing living on the streets instead of their academy.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Do you think they got kicked out? Or maybe it’s just a silly prank.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Or…maybe they’re just dreamers.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Idle dreamers, reaching for their impossible futures. What a wondrous privilege of the sheltered… To dream.

Street Stall Part-Timer: is it hard, Sensei, leading a group of students who won’t come down from the clouds?


Sensei: “Not in the slightest.”


Street Stall Part-Timer: Hm?

Street Stall Part-Timer: How so?


Sensei: “My job is to nurture their dreams until they can’t help but become reality.”


…

Street Stall Part-Timer: …You confound me.

Street Stall Part-Timer: I don’t hate the way you see it. Do what you think is best.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Haha, well! I think I’ll close up shop. I probably won’t be getting anymore customers today.

Sensei: “What’s this?”


Street Stall Part-Timer: It’s leftover inarizushi.

Street Stall Part-Timer: I wouldn’t be able to finish all of it, so here you go.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Refrigerate them for later…

Street Stall Part-Timer: Or I’m sure there are hungry students around that would appreciate them.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Thanks for the chat, Sensei.

Street Stall Part-Timer: Maybe we’ll meet again.

Niko walks away

[Kousagi Park]

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): H-Halt! Stay back, or I’ll shoot!

?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hey, open your eyes crybaby. This is what
happens when you’re too much of a scaredy-cat to even look at the
intruder.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): It’s just Sensei.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Oh… I-I’m sorry!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Hm. It’s just [NAME] Sensei.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Here I thought another dog had wandered in.

Sensei: “It’s like they think I don’t have feelings.”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Anyways, why are you here? No one asked you to be.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): W-Wait. What is that smell?

Sensei: Present the inarizushi.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Inarizushi? Miyu, Miyu! A napkin! I’m drooling.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I can’t remember the last time I had inarizushi. Well, actually, back at the SRT Academy…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I don’t think you would, but you didn’t buy these, d-did you?

Sensei: “Yes, I spent a looot of money on it.” / “I found them in a trash can on my way here.”


Moe (RABBIT Squad): …Suspicious.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Saki,inspect it first. You don’t know what it could be laced with.

Sensei: “For the last time, it’s just food!”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Hi Sensei. Is that inarizushi?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): How nostalgic. The upperclassmen at SRT used to make and eat inarizushi quite a bit.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I do hope they’re doing well.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Thank you, Sensei. Let’s eat.

Fade to black

(I explained the entire situation with the RABBIT Squad while eating the warm snack.)


Back to scene

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): So, the General Student Council refuses to provide any aid and a construction company intends to redevelop this entire area.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): While I naturally didn’t expect much support from the General Student Council, the situation is more dire than I thought.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And in this situation, all our gear and equipment is damaged from the flood.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Well, we always knew we were fighting against the odds when we took on this mission.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): If we run out of bullets, then we still have our hands! They won’t stop us.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I knew you were gonna say something like that…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): But we have no more supplies and no one’s g-gonna help us.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): They’re probably j-just waiting for us to be too weak to f-fight back.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): And then we’re g-gonna be sold on the black market and t-t-tortured! Noooo!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Deep breaths, Miyu. Sensei is looking after us. And I won’t let that happen.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But in reality, we barely have enough firepower to fight off a squirrel, let alone the Public Safety Bureau.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): If only we could repair the machine guns and turrets around the park’s outskirts…

Black scene

???: Heeheehee. Have you silly gooses forgotten about me?

?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Your resident supplies expert, at your most honorable service.

<<To be Continued>>


14 - The Barter System
Moe, supply manager of the RABBIT Squad, tries to buy cheap weapons by selling submerged equipment to Kaiser Industries. To her shock, the sales representative informs her that someone had purchased every single weapon they had in stock.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Moe, do you have a solution for our supply 
issues?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-We have no money, and n-no way of making
some.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Did you call yourself the “supplies expert”? Is 
this the same person who wasted all of our ammunition to make some stupid fireworks?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You have no eye for art! Ammunition is never a waste in pursuit of the beauty of explosions. It was an essential sacrifice!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Do you want me to bail us out, or not? The wonderful person I am, I can get us supplies without spending a cent.

Sensei: “I really can’t just stand by while you rob a bank.”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): How could you suggest something so awful?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The SRT Academy exists to protect the citizENS. We would never engage in such behavior.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Sensei, do you think so little of me?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): My tip-top secret for supplies acquisition is…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The barter system!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): People’ve been bartering for things they want since before we could talk.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): And so, easy peezy lemon squeezy, we’ll trade off our valuable items for new and wonderful incendiaries… and weapons.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The problem with your plan lies in the fact that we have no valuables.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): We have expired yakiniku bentos…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Are you a dummy? You think we’re trading with those hypocrite monks?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): What we do have is the missiles and bombs at the outskirts of camp. My babies.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I can’t believe I’m suggesting selling off my precious babies…even if they’re water-damaged.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): But my bleeding heart will live knowing that a caring owner will love them the way I did. And then my beautiful, splendid babies will be detonated like they deserve.

Sensei: “It always ends in them being blown up…”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I agree those are very expensive explosives, but they’re also very broken ones. How are we going to sell them?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Am I not literally this squad’s unit supply specialist? I got connections you can’t even dream of.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Just to name one…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): My little friend, Kaiser Industries is a subsidiary of Kaiser Group, and they’re the big guns for weapons in the Black Market. Heehee, get it? They sell to hard-up mercenaries who’ll take anything they can get.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): So, if anyone’s gonna take good care of my rusty little babies, it’s Kaiser Industries.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): And, voila! In return, I get you your ammunition and guns from Kaiser itself!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I…I’m in shock. Moe came up with a really good idea.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Was there something in the bento you ate yesterday? That must be it.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’ll make you go ka-boom faster than you can say rabbit!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Well then, would you like to see the expert at work?

Ringing

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Greetings! Kaiser Industries, the leading purveyor of top-tier firearms. How may I help you?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Long time no talk, buddy!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): It’s the SRT Academy supply manager. Heehee.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Our VIP client!


Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Greetings! What a pleasure to speak with you again!

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): How can I help you today? We have some brand new missiles I think you would love.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Or… Oh, dear! Were there any issues with the cluster bomb you purchased? I would be glad to assist you with that as well.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Moe. Did he just say cluster bomb?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): A girl’s gotta do what she’s gotta do, right?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I used my own money, not SRT budget! And it was for personal reasons!


Sensei: “Saying it was for personal reasons makes it even more suspicious.”


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Actually, I wasn’t looking to buy anything today.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I was hoping to sell.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Sell? Well, we don’t usually allow purchases from our sales line.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): But our VI{ clients have special privileges! What is it you were hoping to sell?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): I hope you’re ready, you might blow your circuits. I’ve got loads of state-of-the-art stuff, stuff you won’t even be able to find anywhere else.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Infrared image-guided anti-aircraft missiles, scalable cluster grenades, remote-controlled anti-tank rockets…

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): That is quite the list of rare weaponry! You’re sure you’re willing to sell them?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): I know, I know. The deal of the century! Imagine how your boss would praise you. There’s a small matter of a little rust, but you know how it is with the humid weather.

Sensei: “It’s not a little.”


Moe (RABBIT Squad): (Shut up, Sensei! I’m trying to make a deal here!)

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Well, such special equipment is always in demand. This is a little outside of protocol, but I suppose…

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Very well. I accept.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Is the same account we have on file still correct for payment?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Ah, so you see, I’ve unfortunately been running into some issues with my account.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): It should be resolved soon, but until then I was hoping to be paid in weapons and ammo instead.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): …Weapons? Ammo?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I didn’t stutter! I’m willing to let go of my anti-aircraft missiles fora bunch of measly guns. Strong ones, of course.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Or if you have, you know, thermo-pressure grenades, or white phosphorus smoke grenades! *pant* *pant*

…

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): While I would love to assist you, we unfortunately just recently sold our entire stock of weapons.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Whaaat?! The entire stock?

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): Yes. An…anonymous customer recently bought us out.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Who on earth would buy that much firepower? Why?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): The only reason you would need that much is to go to war!


Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): I…cannot tell you that.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): As a VIP client, you must understand. You would rather be upset if we divulged your private purchase history, no?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Well, they all know about the cluster bombs now…but yeah…

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): I’m terribly sorry, but let’s pretend this exchange never happened.

Kaiser Salesperson (Kaiser Industries): I hope we have more fruitful dealings in the future!


Hangs up

…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): What in the world… What psychotic world do we live in that Kaiser Industries just…has no more weapons? What has this society come to?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): More importantly. Moe. When and how did you become a VIP client at Kaiser Industries?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I KNEW there were discrepancies with missing inventory in the squad’s supply ledger… You told me I was crazy…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Moe… I don’t want you to go to j-jail…!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): W-Wait a second! Can you guys go back to being worried about supplies?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Don’t sweat the small details!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Kaiser Industries might have let me down, but you know what never does? Second-hand auctions! I have already made a post, so just wait for the buyers to come rolling in!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who’s going to buy all that crazy equipment at some second-hand auction.?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You may be an uncultured neophyte, but underestimate these auctions will be your first and final mistake!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Look! A message! I told you it wouldn't let me down!


ring

?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): …Wait, seriously?


<<To be Continued>>




15 - A Small but Certain Failure
The RABBIT Squad sells all their rusted equipment and purchases new equipment through a strange, anonymous buyer. But Descartes appears in a panic, saying the Valkyrie Public Peace Bureau is armed with new weapons and is kicking out the homeless from the neighborhood. Before Descartes can finish speaking, Kanna appears in the park with a full squadron.

[Kousagi Park]

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I’m still a bit shocked. Moe really found 
someone to buy our rusty, useless missiles.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): They even paid us in cash…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’ve never seen so much cash in my life…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Did no one else find that buyer suspicious?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): They showed up with their faces completely covered, had wads and wads of cash, and don’t even inspect the weapons?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What… What if it’s bad cash? Like black money?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh my sweet, summer child. Cash is cash. We can buy new toys and ammo and that’s all that matters.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): But also, Saki. What was with all that solid fuel and gasoline you ordered? You can’t blow anything up with that.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I couldn’t buy my aerosol bombs because of you.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you stupid? Do you want to cook us dinner and fly around the helicopter with your precious babies? Huh?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Explosives aren’t the most important thing on the battlefield, you know!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): You calling me stupid? You’re stupider! Name one thing that’s more important than explosives!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I can finally breathe a little.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s nowhere near our original stockpile, but we’ve mostly replenished most of what we lost to the flood.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): At the very least, we should be able to secure our perimeters for a little while.

Sudden black

???: *pant* *pant* Help me!


?

Descartes appears


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Speak of the devil. An intruder.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heeheehee! Come, my little babies! Time to go ka-boom!

Descartes (The Pursuers): No, dammit! I’m asking you for help!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …What do you want?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s against protocol for us to involve ourselves in civilian affairs.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Yeah, so buzz off. Go ask your Pathetic-friends or whatever you call them.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Pursuers! Short for the Pursuers of Non-Possessive Happiness!

Descartes (The Pursuers): Thanks to you guys, most of them have left me…

Descartes (The Pursuers): I told you greed was evil! The Public Peace Bureau of the Valkyrie Police School have driven the rest of us out by force and destroyed our treasured possessions. My things!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): The Public Peace Bureau?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Those uppity cops wouldn’t spare half a cent on a bunch of hobos like you.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Maybe you mixed them up with the Security Bureau?


Descartes (The Pursuers): I’m not stupid! I saw them, I swear!


Descartes (The Pursuers): That psychopath went postal in our beloved sanctuary, swinging around some crazy weapon I’ve never seen!

Sensei: “The Public Peace Bureau…” / “Was that Kanna…?”


!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Show me the bullet marks on your gloves.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Scorch marks from thermate and traces of direct hits from high-density bullet cores…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): These weren’t ordinary bullets. They appear to be high-explosive incendiary armor-piercing ammunition, or HEIAP.

Sensei: “You can tell just from the bullet traces?”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Not always. But I’ve studied these in textbooks.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Although, it’s the first time seeing HEIAP bullets of this caliber in person.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Same here. It’s too expensive and impractical for use in personal firearms, so they’re never produced. Well, until now I guess.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The only company with the capability to mass-produce these…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Kaiser Industries.

?!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): So the ingrates who bought all my weapons from Kaiser before I could was the Valkyrie Police School?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-But this kinda weaponry has to be s-super expensive…

…

Fade to black

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And seeing how there’s barely enough budget for bullets these days, I can’t be selfish.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): At this rate, I’m going to be wielding a peashooter against a flamethrower! Or worse!

Fade black

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Are you okay, Sensei?

Sensei: “Yeah…just lost in thought.”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Did you fall asleep standing up?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee. It looks like Sensei has at least one talent.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Anyways, it looks like you were caught in the crossfire of a police investigation. Better luck next time.

Descartes (The Pursuers): That’s it?! You think this doesn’t affect you too?


Descartes (The Pursuers): It wasn’t just us! The Public Peace Bureau was raiding the entire city, kicking out every vagrant and homeless person they could find.

Descartes (The Pursuers): They could be here any minute!


Gunfire

Descartes (The Pursuers): Augh!

!

???: Did you know? When wild animals are in danger, they’ll run towards the strongest leader in the area.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I guess that hobo saved me from having to search for my garbage.

<<To be Continued>>
16 - Rebate
Kanna declares that the Public Peace Bureau is now armed with more powerful weapons than the SRT and threatens to remove them herself if they weren’t out by the end of the month. But Sensei realizes the Public Peace Bureau’s weapons are from Kaiser Industries and theorizes that there must have been illegal activity between the two. The RABBIT Squad students decide to raid the main building of the police academy to find proof.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): There’s an unwelcome face.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Aren’t you the Feral Hound of Valkyrie Police School?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): It’s Ogata Kanna. But to you, it’s Director.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I hardly think you and I are on nickname terms.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Apologies, Director. What brings you here?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): That’s a weird question for a band of criminals to ask a Valkyrie officer, don’t you think?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): We’ve let you vagabonds run rogue for too long now. You are under arrest for illegally occupying a public park and inciting terror in the surrounding community.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hey, dummy. The Chief of Defense was the one who said we could live here.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You’re trying to tell me, Miss Director, that you’re going against your superior’s directive?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): How foolish.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Tell me, when did the Chief say you could stay here?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): She may have suspended your punishment, but she never explicitly approved your occupation here.

?!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): She’s right. The park’s management falls under the purview of the Culture Office, not Defense.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We were only granted a suspension of expulsion. We aren’t technically allowed to be here.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): So they’re gonna kick a bunch of homeless kids out of a park?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): That solves absolutely nothing! You’re ignoring the real issues here.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-But how come the P-Public Peace Bureau is arresting us?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Sh-Shouldn’t the Security Bureau do that k-kinda stuff?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Yes, homeless eviction does fall under their purview. Unless we at the Public Peace Bureau determine there is a terrorist threat to Kivotos’ safety.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Which would be our current circumstances.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Alright, fine! We may not have approval, but we have no intention of leaving. Are you going to drag us out by force?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heeheehee. Maybe you’ve got bad memory, but I remember you all going ka-boom and running out with your tail between your legs the last time you tried.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Watch yourself, Kazekura Moe. The Valkyrie has eyes and ears everywhere.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Didn’t you lose most of your equipment during the rainstorm last week? 

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Ugh.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I also know you sold said equipment to purchase now ones, but it’s not nearly enough to adequately defend an area as large as this park.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Why don’t you try us? The Public Peace Bureau’s recently secured firepower beyond your wildest dreams thanks to our sponsors.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You’re outnumbered and outgunned. No amount of elite combat skills is getting you out of this mess.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): We’ve got two options here.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You can comply and handle this quietly, or you can fight your losing battle with your useless little toy guns.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What? Are you challenging the SRT Academy?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Guns aren’t even my weapons of choice. Maybe you’d like to meet some of my incendiary babies.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-Is that enough for us to w-win though? We don’t even have ammo…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Miyako, h-help…

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT Squad, we–

Sensei: “Wait a minute.”


!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Sensei? What are you doing here?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Ah, slipped my mind. Chief of Staff did leave the treatment of the RABBIT Squad under Schale’s discretion.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Hate to break it to you, but even you have no say here.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): People way above your pay grade have already given their orders for Kousagi Town’s redevelopment.

Sensei: “You can’t just force them to leave without any warning.” / “Give them some time to think it over.”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): They’ve had more than enough time.

…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): …Understood.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Consider this me paying my debts. I’ll pull back for today.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): But we can’t afford to sit on our hands forever.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Either the RABBIT Squad vacates the premises by the end of the month, or we’ll vacate them.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): …Even I have to “fall in line,” after all.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Pull back! Mission postponed.

!

Public Peace Bureau leave

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The nerve! We were wiping the floor with her last time until Sensei stepped in.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It doesn’t change the fact that the Public Peace Bureau’s beefed up significantly since then.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Moe. Were you able to confirm their firearms were manufactured by Kaiser Industries?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Duh. Clear as day, those are the weapons we were trying to buy from Kaiser.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): How could those snot-nosed cheapskates at Valkyrie afford such expensive weapons? I’m baffled.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): The chief mentioned a sponsor…

Sensei: “...Maybe they got a rebate.”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): A rebate?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): It’s a sales strategy companies use. If you buy in bulk from us, we’ll pay you back a percentage of it. Scratching each other’s backs.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): But the way I see it, only Valkyrie’s getting their back scratched here. What’s Kaiser getting out of it?

Fade to black

(I shared my theory with the RABBIT Squad.)

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …I see.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Kaiser Construction is in charge of Kousagi Town’s redevelopment, and is a subsidiary like Kaiser Industries. Moving funds between the two would pose no problems.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The only thing standing between Kaiser Construction and profit is the homeless population in Kousagi. So they share weapons from Kaiser Industries with Valkyrie and in return…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): That means those dirty cops are getting paid in weapons to kick out all the homeless people for Kaiser!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Isn’t that illegal?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s definitely illegal.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): If Sensei’s theory is correct, the Valkyrie Police School, meant to be for the people, is acting like a mercenary organization for private profit.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): The police colluding with corporations for wealth? At the expense of the citizens?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): It’s unjust.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-We might not be great right now, but we’re not that bad.

Sensei: “Of course, this is just my theory.”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Just a theory…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Well, as of right now we have no way to confirm nor deny how the Public Peace Bureau acquired their weapons.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Valkyrie’s transaction records are all stored on a local server, so I can’t even hack them. And I’ve absolutely tried.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): If we could just get our hands on some evidence…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): A-Are we doomed?

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We could infiltrate the Valkyrie Police School’s main building and obtain their transaction records.

!?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you actually stupid?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Their school is crawling with, at the VERY last, hundreds of highly-armed military forces. It’s a fortress!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): E-Even with supplies and backup, I think it’s impossible…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): We would f-fail on our own…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I hate to admit it, but all we can do is make a report and twiddle our thumbs.

Sensei: “And where do you submit a report about a police school?”


Moe (RABBIT Squad): …Huh… When the police cross the line, where DO you go?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): When the Valkyrie Police School commits a violation, the only secondary police force that can investigate them is…

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Us. The SRT Academy.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Who else but us?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Our entire purpose is to handle situations like this.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-But… Do we have the authority?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): We don’t even have a real school anymore.

Sensei: “Do you believe you’re doing what’s right?”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Sensei?


Sensei: “Go ahead. I’ll take responsibility for the blowback.” / “Be careful. Come back safely.”

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …You really are the strangest.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hey, Sensei. Is the word responsible even in your dictionary?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you stupid or something?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): S-So stupid… Heehee.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But you did remind me of something.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We are the SRT. The fastest-deploying special forces unit in all of Kivotos.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We subdue any criminals in violation of public order…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Punish them with the might of all available firepower…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): …A-And silently liquidate them before anyone is the wiser.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): If the executives of the Valkyrie Police School are truly colluding with a corporation, uncovering evidence will be no easy matter.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This mission’s purpose aligns with the objectives and justice the SRT Academy has always upheld.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT Squad! Begin preparations for an infiltration mission!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): As of this moment…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We are commencing Operation Clover to secure proof of the Valkyrie Public Peace Bureau’s illegal rebate!

<<To be Continued>>





6




17 - Operation Clover 1
Miyako and her companions infiltrate the main building to investigate corruption in the Public Peace Bureau. With the support of Sensei and Moe, they succeed in infiltrating the archive room, but Miyu makes a mistake and they get trapped inside the vault.

[Valkyrie Police School Main Building Hallway]

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 1, reporting. Time is 2330 hours.
I’ve arrived at Point Echo.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Guard presence has not yet been confirmed,
but several electronic signals presumed to be CCTV devices have 
been detected in the opposite hallway.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): This is Camp RABBIT. Affirmative. There were CCTVs there, but I’ve already took over them. Heehee.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’m monitoring the video feeds for you, so you’re clear to make your way to Point Sierra. Not a guard in sight.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-Wow! You hacked it so fast, Moe!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Teeheehee! Bypassing this level of security is easier than blowing up a building.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): …Mostly. The server has a randomized numerical code that changes every thirty minutes, so I can’t promise anything beyond that. You either finish in that time frame or it’s a bust.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): The code has the vice president of Veritas written all over it. What a pill.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): But this is the main building of the Valkyrie Police School. How can there not be a single guard on patrol?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Do you have earwax or something? I told you, I disabled the cameras and alarms!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I wasn’t talking about you, all right? I just can’t believe their lax security and overreliance on technology.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I find it undisciplined and pathetic. It’s the exact embodiment of why I didn’t want to attend this school.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We get it, Little Miss Perfect. The Public Peace Bureau’s ledger, I mean, the Clover is located at Point Sierra, on the third floor of the basement. Make your way to the west stairs. Route still clear.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): And to emphasize, I can only keep the alarms disabled for thirty minutes. You dummies better be back at the rendezvous point by then.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 1, understood.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Umm, wh-where’s Sensei?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Since we had to rappel down from such a high altitude to be able to infiltrate undetected, it would’ve been dangerous for Sensei to attempt it with no training. So they’ll be supporting from the rear.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And we couldn’t risk a hostile bulldozing their way through the line of fire and harming Sensei…

Sensei: “You found out my deep dark secret. I’m scared of heights.” / “I have many skills, but rappelling is not one of them.”

Saki (RABBIT Squad): We have no choice but to carry out this mission on our own. That’s how it’s always been, always.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th-That’s right… We’ve always p-pulled through with just us…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Just us…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Why the long face, Miyako? What’s wrong?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Ah, nothing. Just reviewing the plan.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Okay, RABBIT Squad. Don’t let your guard down and watch each other’s backs. We’re moving to Point Sierra.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th-This is the archive room of all their d-documents…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s not surprising it’s secured by a solid steel door.
Criminals will go to great lengths to hide evidence of their wrongdoings.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who cares about a big door? There’s not a single 
guard in sight.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I can’t complain though. This operation has gone smoothly so far.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Well, Miyako? Let’s get going. We don’t have much time.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This isn’t a normal lock. It can only be unlocked via an electronic signal.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Moe is p-probably trying to crack the code…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What? Does this count towards our thirty-minute time limit?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’m going as fast as I can, all right? Geez!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): We don’t have time. Can’t we just breach the door with explosives?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Yes. Please. Breach the solid steel door with explosives. Be my guest.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh and just go ahead and wake up the entire student body while you’re at it. What’ll you do when that happens, you dummy musclehead?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Run the decoding program using the secret key I found through the plaintext…

Beep

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We’re in, ladies and ladies!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): …That took over three minutes.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Do you think I just have to sit here and wave a
magic wand?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): If it’s so easy, why don’t YOU try next time?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We don’t have time for in-fighting.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The security system will be live again soon.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We need to prioritize finding the evidence that’ll incriminate the Public Peace Bureau.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You’re right.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’ll take the bookshelves on the right.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I hate dark spaces…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Let’s see…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Transaction logs… Transaction logs…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): A receipt submitted by Kaiser Industries a week ago…

!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Jackpot!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Excellent work, Saki. Let me see.

Time passes 

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It seems Sensei was right.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Sensei, the Clover has been secured.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s as you said. Kaiser Industries provided free weapons to the Public Peace Bureau in exchange for evicting Kousagi Town’s entire homeless population.

Sensei: “So my hunch was right.” / “We’ve got what we need, then.”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Yes, this is exactly what we need to put a stop to this unjust conspiracy.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Hahaha! I can’t wait to stick it to those Public Peace Bureau goons!

Closing noise

?

…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyu, what are you doing in the front of the door?


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-Well…i-it’s closed…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Okay. Open it.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th…The thing is… The d-d-door…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): There’s no handle from the inside.

…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): WHAT?!

<<To be Continued>>
















18 - Operation Clover 2
The squad members are panicking, and Miyako struggles with her powerlessness again. But Sensei and the squad members show Miyako their deep-seated trust in her, and Miyako regains her courage and leads them in their escape.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Arghhhh! Graaaaaaaah!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): It really won’t budge.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Didn’t you retrieve the Clover? Are you guys having 
a tea party in there?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Time’s almost up! You need to get back to the rendezvous point immediately!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): You know, I would love to do that. If the door wasn’t closed.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): What?! Which imbecile closed the door behind you guys?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Even I know that closing a door to a walk-in vault room activates an auto-lock! And I don’t study!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I… I… W-Well, I thought someone might s-see if I left the door open…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Did I or did I not tell you I was monitoring the situation on the CCTVs?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): You acted based off your emotions and not the facts! And look at the situation you’ve put your squad members in!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): S-Sorry…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You could’ve at least put in a doorstop…. Anything at all…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-Waaaaaaaah!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I had no business joining the SRT…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): A d-dumb scaredy-cat who d-drags everyone else down.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I wish I’d never been born! Waaaaaah!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It’s okay, Miyu. As a sniper, you’re not as familiar with indoor warfare.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I should've been monitoring the situation in the rear.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): But it’s not your fault, Miyako. At all.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Don’t try to redirect. Miyu holds every ounce of blame here.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I’m pissed too, but now isn’t the time! We need to get you out before the security system goes live!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What do we do? I can try these explosives, but we didn’t bring much.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Can’t you just hack the electronic lock like before?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): I can’t do that when the mechanical lock’s already been triggered!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th-This is really it… I w-wanna go home…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): L-Let’s all calm down first…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Miyako, use that brain of yours for something! Five minutes left!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Aren’t you our leader, Miyako?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): M-Miyako… Help…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): M-Me?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): You’ve got to do something, and do it now!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyako!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I…

Fade to black

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (I don’t know. My leadership has been nothing but failures since we left the SRT.)

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (Everything from the protest to when the camp was flooded… Failures.)


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (Is this all I’m capable of? I don’t have the resourcefulness or leadership skills like Sensei…)


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (I’ve led my squad members into a life-threatening situation.)

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (Do I have what it takes to get them out of it? Or will I just fail again, like I always do?)

Sensei: “Get ahold of yourself, Miyako!” / “This is an ongoing operation, Miyako!”


Fade back

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Sensei?


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I…I can’t do this, Sensei. The situation is hopeless.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): If you were here, you would be able to figure a way out… You would be able to protect your squad…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But I’m not like you, Sensei. I never have been.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): If I tried my hardest, with all my ability…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I don’t know! I just don’t know, Sensei!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I can’t do this on my own! I don’t believe in me like you do!


Sensei: “You don’t have to do it on your own.”

…

Sensei: “Look to the squad members who’ve always put their trust in you!”

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): My squad members…trust me?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Are you stupid? Who else could lead the RABBIT Squad in a situation like this?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Do you think I could do anything? I’m pretty sure there wasn’t a chapter on how to handle getting locked in a vault while raiding a police station in my textbooks.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I’m always s-scared and lonely on sniper duty…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): But y-you’re the only person who’s never forgotten me, Miyako.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): You think I’m gonna lead us? I have my hands full with helping you dummies from over here anyway.

Everyone: So, for now, all of us…

Sensei: “All of us are putting our faith in you, Miyako!”

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Understood.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): As the field commander, I will be issuing orders to all members.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The operation from here on out will be volatile and every decision will count. I will not be able to address your questions, and selfishly ask you to follow me blindly even if you don’t understand my reasonings.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But I promise you, we’re going to conclude this mission safely and take the Clover back to…our home. All of us.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Understood?


Everyone: Understood!

Fade to black

(Approximately five minutes later…)

Alarms blaring

Valkyrie Student A: The alarms at the archive room are going off! Could it
be intruders?


Valkyrie Student B: No way. We haven’t seen anything on the CCTVs.

Valkyrie Student B: It was probably just a stray cat or something.

Valkyrie Student A: How would a stray cat make it past the vault door?


Valkyrie Student B: Beats me, maybe it came through a hole or something.

Beep

Vault opens

Valkyrie Student B: Here, kitty, kitty, kitty…

Valkyrie Student B: What the! Who are you?!


?!

Valkyrie Student falls

Saki (RABBIT Squad): When it comes to security concerns, you should always assume the worst. That’s standard practice.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Undisciplined attitudes like yours explain the current state of Kivotos!


…

Valkyrie Student A: I-Intruders!

Sudden black with explosions and gunfire

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyako was right. All we had to do was trip the 
alarm on purpose, and the Security Bureau came running right over to let
us out.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I guess I should be grateful that our colleagues 
who are supposed to be sharing the responsibility of Kivotos’ safety are
stupid as hell…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): B-But…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): The alarms are still going off…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Yes. Reinforcements will be arriving soon.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The objective is to play this aggressively and catch them off guard. But avoid large groups and open areas.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’ll stage our attack at the eastern hallway. It’s narrow with a lot of cover.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Remain vigilant for ambushes and make your way to the rendezvous point! Move out!


<<Battle Sequence>>
The members of the RABBIT Squad follow Miyako’s instructions and make it to the rooftop, subduing the Valkyrie Police Academy students along the way.














Saki (RABBIT Squad): Enemy assault soldier defeated. Tango 3 is down!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Copy! RABBIT 2, move forward to the next point! I’m covering you!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Understood!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): All other members, maintain your current position for five seconds.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Three… Two… One…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Saki, now! Discharge Foxtrot!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Flash bomb up front!


Explosions and gunfire

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Miyu! Enemy sniper at five o’clock!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Got ‘em!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): But I only have one shot left in my chamber! I need to reload!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Authorized. Saki, cover her!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Leave it to me!


Black screen with explosions and gunfire

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): Who the hell are these guys?
They’re slicing through us like a giant, organized chainsaw!

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): They’ve outnumbered and
outgunned… But they’ve managed to push us back so far!

Security Bureau Student B (Security Bureau): Isn’t this OUR school? They’re using the environment to their advantage!


Security Bureau Student B (Security Bureau): We’ll have to retreat to the central entrance at this rate…

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): Stand your ground! Reinforcements from the Security Bureau should be arriving at any minute!


Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): Once they arrive, we’ll just bulldoze them over! At the end of the day, there’s only three of them.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Reinforcements detected at the west entrance.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Moe, can you access the school’s heating system?
I need you to hack the indoor temperature sensor.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Systems like that have virtually no security. It’s a snap.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Raise the indoor temperature readings. We’re going to trick their automatic building management system.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Heehee. What I like to hear. How hot?

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): 900 degrees Celcius!

Moe (RABBIT Squad): It’s nice and toasty now! Or at least the building thinks it is.

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): I-Is that water?

Security Bureau Student B (Security Bureau): The sprinklers are malfunctioning!

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): Which means…

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): Augh! The firewalls are coming down!

Doors shutting 

Security Bureau Student B (Security Bureau): Dammit. We’re trapped inside the building.

Security Bureau Student B (Security Bureau): Our reinforcements won’t be able to get to us anymore.

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): Don’t worry. We can operate the firewalls manually from the control room.

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): We can just raise the firewalls and let in the reinforcements!


Security Bureau Student B (Security Bureau): Huh? What’s this? Did the intruders forget this?


Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau): It looks like a C4 explosive. But it has a modded lithium battery on top like an IED bomb.

Security Bureau Student B (Security Bureau): Wait. But if lithium gets wet…

…

Security Bureau Student A (Security Bureau):...We’re toast.

Explosion

Clock ticking

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): *yawn* I’m sleepy…

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): What’s all this commotion in the middle of the
night?

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): What kind of world do we live in? A petty thief invading a police school of all places.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): And why’d they wake up anyone and everyone? The Security Bureau can deal with some thief.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): They’ve got the situation under control. I’ll just do a quick patrol on my way back.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Hm…?

…

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): This is the worst trap I’ve
ever seen in my life.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): I know we all have a 
reputation for loving donuts, but a blatant trap like this in
our main building is just ridiculous.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): What kind of stupid moron would fall for this obvious trap…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Oh, yeah. That’s a limited-edition strawberry donut from Master Donuts. With marshmallows.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): With marshmallows? In that case…

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Thanks for the treat!

Explosion

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Y-You got me!


Fubuki falls

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Did that actually just work? Pinch me, please.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-I doubted it too… But Miyako did say to follow her orders blindly.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): It worked out in the end.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Hah… I was nervous too. It was a bit of a gamble.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But we only got through the massive enemy force and to this point thanks to all of your exceptional talents.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): It would’ve been the same result with anyone leading.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): There you go again.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Pardon? Did I say something wrong?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyako, you stupid-head! Everything is thanks to you! No one else here led us to this point. It was YOU!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): There isn’t anyone else in…in all of KIvotos who could’ve done what you just did! You assessed the situation, everyone’s individual skills, and deployed us all accordingly. That was you.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We were just your little pawns and you played the game perfectly.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-We don’t say it but…we’ve always had faith in you as our leader.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Even that stuff I said about not recognizing you as a leader…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I didn’t mean it. I’m sorry.

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Thank you, everyone.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Regardless, I don’t agree that this was all me.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): A special forces operation can only be carried out by all members of the squad!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): What a stubborn squad leader.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): It’s part of her charm.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): That’s enough chitchat.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’re not in the clear yet. The Valkyrie students will catch up to us soon. Let’s move!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Hold it right there, villains!

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I heard there were intruders at the school…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): And it turns out to be you guys!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Aren’t you…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I’m hard to forget, huh? It’s me, Kirino, ace of the Public Safety Bureau! I defeated you once with my Strike of Justice, and I’ll do it again!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I’ll show you no mercy to criminals threatening the public order and peace!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who’s this hot-blooded weirdo blocking us?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Y-Your orders, Miyako.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): (According to Sensei’s intel, this student’s shooting skills are definitely…)

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Ignore her. Keep moving to the rendezvous point.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Th-They left? Hey! Get back here!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I’ll really, actually shoot! I’m gonna shoot if you don’t come back!


Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Argh!


Gunshots

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): That shot went to the moon…

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): Didn’t I subdue them perfectly last time?

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): I failed my duty. The criminals slipped right out of my grasp.

Kirino (Public Safety Bureau): On another note, how come you were lying on the ground with a box on your head?


Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): Hmm. I don’t remember. The only thing I know is I have a limited-edition donut in my hand.

Fubuki (Public Safety Bureau): You want a bite, Kirino?


<<To be Continued>>


19 - Time to Grow Up
Kanna appears in front of the squad members on the roof and confrtons them. Kanna is angry and thinks that the SRT Academy, which has been conducting operations under privileges of immunity, doesn't deserve to discuss justice. But Sensei points out her own immaturity , and Kanna is stunned into retreat. The RABBIT Squad returns safely to camp, hands over the evidence to Sensei, and falls asleep.

[Valkyrie Police School Main Building Rooftop]

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 1, reporting. Currently 0100 hours.
We’ve arrived.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Camp RABBIT, can we expect air support?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): We’re behind schedule because of the change in
rendezvous point.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hold tight for five minutes! We’ll get you outta there!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Understood.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): RABBIT 2, seal off the passage to the rooftop and install barricades.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Barricades are already up…and I’ve added anti-personnel mines for good measure.

explosion

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …Let’s hope it holds up.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th-They’re already at the rooftop door?

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Are we gonna last five minutes?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): A desperate situation, hostiles approaching and a barely barricaded door, waiting on tenterhooks for a helicopter….

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Just like the zombie movie we watched last week.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): How did that movie end again?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): All the zombies jumped on the helicopter making it crash and…everyone died?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): That’s not what I want to hear right now!

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): G-Good thing there’s no zombies in real life…

???: …You again.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): EEEEK! A r-r-real zombie!

Kanna (Security Bureau): Seriously, you should really refer to me as the Public Peace Bureau director. Director, at least.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Director Kanna?!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): All of the access points to the rooftops should be sealed. How did you get here?

Kanna (Security Bureau): I scaled the storm drains on the side of the building.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): …?! This building has to be at least ten stories.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): A student with no rappelling training and no equipment just free-climbed the side of a building?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): The Public Peace Bureau’s motto is to apprehend criminals at all costs.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Did you think you could get away with this? I would let you walk off into the sunset after infiltrating the very school in charge of Kivotos’ policing?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): There’s nowhere to go now. Just come quietly.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): When are you children going to grow tired of your stupid games?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You need to face reality. Kivotos doesn’t need the SRT anymore. It’s an eyesore and, now, a public menace.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I’l arrest you here and report all your sordid activities to the General Student Council. Not even the Chief of Staff will be able to stop your records from being expunged.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I guess we’ll go down together then, Director Kanna.

?!

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The goal of our operation was to secure this 
Public Peace Bureau’s ledger.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This evidence of the illegal rebates you received
from the Kaiser Group in exchange for evicting the homeless population
from Kousagi Town.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): How did you find out?


Saki (RABBIT Squad): Valkyrie Police School was armed with the shabbiest, standard-issue gear and was already undergoing budget cuts. Of course it raises red flags when you show up with an arsenal all of a sudden.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Being responsible for the security of Kivotos, the Valkyrie Police School must conduct its official duties fairly and in accordance with the rules set by the General Student Council. That’s the trust the public has put in you.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But you, the director of the Public Peace Bureau, turned this arm of justice into a petty mercenary squad, colluding with private corporations for your own benefit.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): This is a felony of the highest order and a slap in the face of the justice Valkyrie Police School supposedly claims!

…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): …Why…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): …Why do you little children always puff your chest out and tout your pretty, empty words?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Fairly and equally… The ideal of public service.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Sure, the Valkyrie Police School serves the public and should act accordingly.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): But guess what? The world isn’t made of rainbows and butterflies.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Discipline? Justice? Hah! You hide behind your immunity and look down on everyone else. But we were the ones getting our hands dirty every day to take care of business. THAT’S what the real world is! It’s time to get your noses out of your textbooks!


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Do you think this is what I want?! You think I like being the bad guy?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Ideals don’t serve justice! Actions do, no matter what you have to do along the way!


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What do sheltered children like you know? You don’t know anything!


Black

Sensei: “Those are all excuses, Kanna.”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Is that…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): [NAME] Sensei…

Sensei: “The ends never justifies the means, Kanna. Ever.” / “Beliefs mean nothing if you abandon them at the first hardship.”

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): You don’t understand. I would’ve lost everything if I held onto my beliefs!


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I’m one small cog in the wheel! My hands are tied! What am I supposed to do, Sensei?!

Sensei: “It was the same for the RABBIT Squad, you know.”


?!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): …

Sensei: “Doing the right thing is never easy…”


Sensei: “But that’s a decision you have to make for yourself.”

…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): I guess our stupid Sensei does make good points here and there.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): That’s right! No one can decide for you, but you!


Miyu (RABBIT Squad): W-We were scared and unsure when this all started…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): But us crazies on the SRT, no matter what.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …Thank you as always, Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Director Kanna. One thing I’ve learned recently is that just because your definition of justice is different from mine, doesn’t mean it’s wrong.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): But I can’t abide by a corrupt justice wielded to dodge accountability and responsibility. 

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): That’s the high, high wall between you and me.

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): I…

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Miyako, helicopter incoming!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): TIme flies when you’re chatting with an old friend.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Strap into your harnesses. RABBIT Squad, let’s pull back!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): We’re locked in, let’s go!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Hold on tight so you don’t get left behind!


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’ll be on our way, Director.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): I hope we meet again, under better circumstances.

RABBIT Squad flies away

…

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): Well… I better get a head start on my apology letter for all this…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Current time is 0145 hours. This is RABBIT 1,
arriving at Camp RABBIT.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): The operation yielded no casualties and the 
Clover has been secured.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Which concludes Operation Clover. Excellent
work, everyone.

Sensei: “I’m so proud of all of you!”


Saki (RABBIT Squad): I’m exhausted. I could fall asleep right here.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): S-So sleepy…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I’m just gonna lay down right here…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Miyu, at the very least take off your gear before going to sleep.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): As well as write your operational reports and wash up for bed.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Who am I to walk? I could fall asleep standing right now.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): As thrilling as all that adrenaline was… I’m ready to relax.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Let me just…turn off the comms equipment…before I sleep…

Saki and Moe fall asleep

…
Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Heehee. Everyone here really put in their all today.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And as we agreed on before, I’m entrusting the Clover to you, Sensei.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We might have uncovered this evidence, but whoever is pulling the strings must be fairly powerful to have backed Director Kanna into a corner the way they did.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We may be trained agents, but us students are still naive to the ways of this world. This is where our role ends.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): We’ll leave the rest to you, Sensei.
	
Sensei: “Thanks, Miyako. I won’t let your effort go to waste.”

Fade to black

(After helping move the sleeping students to their tents, I returned to Schale.)

(And proceeded to use the evidence from Miyako to handle things, as a teacher would.)


<<To be Continued>>












20 - Fox in the Hole
The Public Peace Bureau has a publicity disaster on their hands when the rebate with the Kaiser Group is exposed. Peace is restored to Kousagi Park, and the RABBIT Squad goes back to their daily lives. Meanwhile, Kaya, chief security officer of the General Student Council, secretly makes contact with the Fox Squad that was thought to have disappeared, and plans to launch a coup d’ètat against the General Student Council.

[Front of the Valkyrie Police Academy Main Building Entrance]

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Welcome! As you can see 
behind me, I’m currently at the Valkyrie Police School. The once 
well-respected school has seen better days as recent claims accuse
them of illegal collusion with the Kaiser Group!


Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): According to an anonymous
tip sent to the Kronos School…

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): The students of the Public Peace Bureau have been wielding governmental power on behalf of the Kaiser Group in exchange for money and goods!


Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): The world was shocked to hear that the police school entrusted with protecting the public would debase themselves to a petty mercenary group for their own private interests!


Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): I’m still reeling in shock! To make matters worse, eyewitness accounts say the Valkyrie School was recently defeated by a group of robbers who destroyed the facilities!


Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): This organization, supposed to keep the citizens safe, couldn’t even protect their own home base!


Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Now the real question remains: is Kivotos still safe in the hands of the Valkyrie Police School?


Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): As more doubts pile up, apprehension is thick amongst the citizens!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What the hell do you think you’re doing here?

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Incredible! It’s the director of the Public Peace Bureau herself, a key suspect in the investigation!


Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Directo Kanna, please tell us! Why did you enter into an illegal contract with the Kaiser Group?


Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): What? Where did you hear that from?

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): No, wait! This is a secure area! You have no authorization to film here!


Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): The Feral Hound of Valkyrie is now threatening the media in a rage!

Kanna (Public Peace Bureau): GET OUT! I’ll break your cameras in half!

[Kousagi Park]

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …The situation is spiraling vert quickly.

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): I-It’s all they’ve been t-talking about on the 
news…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Wh-What if the Public Peace Bureau tries to get r-r-revenge?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You worry too much, Miyu. We did what was right and that’s what matters.

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Anyways, who has time for revenge when they’re fighting off a crowd of rabid reporters?

Moe (RABBIT Squad): I can’t put my finger on something…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): What is it?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): How do I say it… Everything moved so quickly. Corporate scandals normally move slowly and much more quietly.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): All parties were so…agreeable? The General Student Council hopped to their investigation like eager little bunnies, and even the Kaiser Group bowed their heads on the Kousagi Town redevelopment as if they hadn’t poured millions into the project already.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): If I had to point to something… Sensei, did you threaten the General Student Council?

Sensei: “You did say to handle it as an adult would.” / “I’d prefer to say that we came to an adult understanding?”


Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Well, either way, I’m relieved it’s over.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): With the development project scrapped, they gain nothing spending time and money to evict the homeless population here.

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): And we get to keep our home.

???: Hm… A-Ahem!


?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Ah. An intruder.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Oh dear, oh dear. My fingers have been itching to blow something up.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): Saki, be a pal and throw me one of my little babies.

Descartes (The Pursuers): S-Stop it! I’m not an intruder! I’m saluting you!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): …Salute?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Now you’re speaking my language. It’s when you greet someone with gunpowder and lead.

Descartes (The Pursuers): You…You unintelligent hooligans!

Descartes (The Pursuers): No matter how I twist it, and trust me, I tried, a monk in pursuit of enlightenment such as myself has to pay my debts where they’re due.

Descartes (The Pursuers): …So… Well… You’ve done me a great service. More or less.

Descartes (The Pursuers): I know the RABBIT Squad risked life and limb raiding the Valkyrie Police School to get evidence of their evil crimes and expose them.

Descartes (The Pursuers): We’ve been able to reclaim our sanctuary in Kousagi Town and Pursuers have been tricking back into the fold one by one. Thanks to you… I guess.

Descartes (The Pursuers): I know it wasn’t for us, but we can’t deny you’ve helped us.

Descartes (The Pursuers): So I’ve bought you some of our most revered food. To repay our debt.

!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Revered food? What? Tell me, now!


Saki (RABBIT Squad): If it’s a mung bean sprout bento I’ll really let Moe blow you up to the heavens.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Please! We’re city-dwelling seekers enlightened in the ways of non-possession. Naturally, I’ve most generously brought you the absolute best of what we have.

Descartes (The Pursuers): Drumroll, please!


Descartes (The Pursuers): Voila! A chicken bone karaage!

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): Karaage…?


Descartes (The Pursuers): Correct! And it’s no ordinary karaage! This luxury 
item is made from deep-fried bones! I mean… You can’t eat it, but…

Descartes (The Pursuers): If you chew and suck on the bones, it’s almost 
the same as eating a fried chicken! Without the calories!


Descartes (The Pursuers): To sweeten the deal, you can always enjoy a 
fresh can of beer while sucking on the bone to pretend you’re actually eating!

Descartes (The Pursuers): Please, don’t rush to thank me at once.

…

Miyu (RABBIT Squad): Th-This isn’t karaage…

Saki (RABBIT Squad): This is an insult to food everywhere. It’s worse than a mung bean sprout bento.

Descartes (The Pursuers): N-N-No way! It’s fried chicken! Can’t you unenlightened idiots see that?!


Descartes (The Pursuers):You dare insult this masterpiece I’ve so generously offered you?!


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Don’t be mean. It’s not food waste at all.

Moe (RABBIT Squad): According to Kivotos’s garbage disposal regulations, chicken bones are classified as combustible waste. So, it’s worse.

…

Descartes (The Pursuers): Food waste this, combustible waste that…

Descartes (The Pursuers): You clearly have learned nothing about non-possessiveness! You…You gluttonous pigs don’t understand the value of this delectable dish!


Descartes (The Pursuers): I should’ve known better! The Pursuers can never coexist with the greed that reeks from your soul!

Saki (RABBIT Squad): You think we want to coexist with you hypocritical pieces of junk?

Saki (RABBIT Squad): Moe, we still have armor piercing explosives, right?


Moe (RABBIT Squad): Let’s wage war against these jerk turkeys!

…

Miyako (RABBIT Squad): …They never change, do they?


Fade to black

[Chief of Defense Office]

Kaya (General Student Council): And we’ve come full circle.

Kaya (General Student Council): This incident has left the Valkyrie Police
School on a very, very short chain. And I can’t turn anywhere without those
Kronos gnats buzzing in my face…

Kaya (General Student Council): I really must have done something horrible in a past life to deserve work with such incompetence.

???:...That again?

Kaya (General Student Council): Oh, you know I’m just complaining. Luckily, the rebate Kaiser Corporation kindly granted directly to us has flown under the radar.

Kaya (General Student Council): Director Kanna can handle the fallout while our plan continues in the background. 

???: Do you have time for your petty games? You should be trying to recruit more trustworthy colleagues.

Kaya (General Student Council): Trustworthy colleagues, you say…

Kaya (General Student Council): …What about those underclassmen of yours? They’re quite formidable.

Kaya (General Student Council): You can take the fighter out of the school, but not the fight out of the fighter. I realize they’re still new, but they’re still elite individuals who passed the SRT entrance exams.

Yukino: They have a very long way to go before they’ll be fit to uphold the SRT banner.

Niko: Oh Yukino, always so strict.

Yukino: No. You’re soft, Niko.

Yukino: Thirty minutes? And all that commotion? Under my command, we would have been in and out under a minute with no one the wiser.

Kaya (General Student Council): Can you really compare a ragtag group of freshmen against veterans such as yourselves, Niko?


Kaya (General Student Council): Which brings me back to my point.

Kaya (General Student Council): I’d like to invite the RABBIT Squad to join our coup d’etat.

Black screen

Kaya (General Student Council): What do you say, SRT Academy’s infamous FOX Squad?
















Otogi (FOX Squad): Fine by me.

Kurumi (FOX Squad): Even if it wasn’t their intention, I’d like to crush them with my own hands for foiling the career paths of their upperclassmen.

Niko (FOX Squad): Oh, my. I hate to dirty the hands of such adorable little underclassmen.

Yukino (FOX Squad): Even children like them understand that dirtying ourselves is the price we pay for enrollment. For our justice.

Fade to black

Yukino (FOX Squad): This plan….

Yukino (FOX Squad): …No, everything we do is for the SRT’s resurrection and Schale’s demise.

<<To be Continued>>














This will be continued in Volume 4 Chapter 2 

