Blue Archive Volume 1 Chapter 2: Things Lost and Others Held On To (Transcript)

Episode 1 - An Unexpected Alliance

Part 1
Summary: “Talks with Ako are unfruitful, leaving the situation as hostile as ever. The Foreclosure Task Force decides to team up with Problem Solver to take on the Prefect Team and their sizable forces.”



Haruka (Problem Solver 68):		(Slowly walking away)
Unforgivable, unforgivable, unforgivable…
I will never, ever, ever, ever forgive… Eh?
(Haruka looks at Sensei)

Sensei:					[Lock eyes with Haruka.]

Haruka (Problem Solver 68):		…
(Smiles and proceeds to disappear from the scene)

Sensei:					[“Better pretend I didn’t see anything…”]
[Ignore what you just saw.]

Nonomi (Foreclosure Task Force):		…

Shiroko (Foreclosure Task Force):		…

Serika (Foreclosure Task Force):		…

Ayane (Foreclosure Task Force):	You’re their senior administrator? That would make you the Prefect Team’s second-in command…

Ako: 		(Talking through hologram)
Please! You make it sound much more glamorous than it truly is. 
I’m nothing more than a supportive secretary to the head prefect.

Shiroko: 	Your subordinates wouldn’t have any reason to be quivering in their boots right now if that’s all you were.

Iori:		(Quivering)
Wh-Who says I’m quivering?!

Ako:		…
		A very astute observation! Let’s see… You must be Sunaookami Shiroko.

Shiroko:	…

Ako:		Rumor has it, Abydos’ student council were the only ones remaining in the district. I suppose that must be all of you.
From what I understand, there’s supposed to be five Abydos student council members. It would seem you’re missing one of your ranks.

Ayane: 	(Talking through hologram)
Our president is away right now. And we’re not the student council. We’re the Foreclosure Task Force, Miss Senior Administrator.

Ako:		Okurosa, right? Are there no student council members present? I’d like to speak with the student council, if you please.

Serika:	The Abydos student council is long gone! For all intents and purposes, we’re now the acting student council here. So if you’ve got anything to say, you can say it to us!

Nonomi:	And if holding someone at gunpoint is your idea of having a conversation, that’s pretty reprehensible, if you ask me.

Ako:		Oh…
		My apologies. All units, lower your weapons.

*click*
*click* *clack*

Nonomi:	Whoa…
Serika:	They actually did it…

Shiroko:	…

Ako:		Allow me to apologize for my colleagues’ reckless misuse of force.

Iori:		The hell?! But I was just following orders Ako?!

Ako:		Were your orders to blindly engage using indiscriminate bombardment right from the start?

Iori:		W-Well, supporting firepower is a mainstay of above-ground tactical deployment for the infantry.

Ako:		Does it not go without saying that certain precautions are to be taken when operating within the district of another academy?

Ayane:	(Hmm?)

Ako:		Again. My sincere apologies to the Foreclosure Task Force.
The Gehenna Prefect Team was mobilized to take specific individuals who have violated our academy’s regulations into custody.
This was an unfortunate incident, but since nothing illegal has transpired…I hope you’ll be understanding. We were only acting in accordance with the urgency of the situation.
		I ask for your cooperation during the execution of the Prefect Team’s duties.

Ayane:	And like we said before…that’s not gonna happen!

Ako:		Oh…?

Ayane:	An academy like gehenna abusing their massive forces to wantonly conduct tactical operations at a tiny school like ours?
		That’s a crystal-clear breach of jurisdictional authority!
		We’ll be the ones to decide how Problem Solver will be dealt with!

Shiroko:	… 

Nonomi:	…

Serika:	…

(All three of them have serious, decisive expressions on their faces)

Ayane:	It’s disgraceful that an academy of Gehenna’s caliber would abuse their power to launch this kind of assault!


Ako:		Hmm…
		It would seem you all feel the same way.
		I’m shocked you would be so obstinate, even in the face of our troops…
		Could the source of this confidence be rooted in the abilities of a certain individual you have in your cornet? Perhaps…Sensei?

Sensei:	[“...”]

Ako:		Sensei, you’re the official advisor of Schale. Does this mean you agree with the Foreclosure Task Force?

Sensei:	[“Problem Solver may be a nuisance, but they’re not bad kids”]
		[“Aru may be kinda dumb, but she’s not a bad apple.”]
		[“Okay, they are ALL kinda stupid, but not THAT stupid.”]

Serika:	What?! Of course they’re a bunch of rotten apples! They blew up the ramen shop!

Shiroko:	They definitely did that…but I bet they blew it up by mistake and then felt compelled to roll with it.

Serika:	What?!

Shiroko:	If that explosion had really been meant for us, why set it off at the ramen shop when nobody was there? All that did was expose their plan, and make for a terrible trap in general.

Serika:	Huh. I guess you have a point.
They laid a trap and then sprung it on themselves by accident? Geez. Who would hire those idiots?

Shiroko:	Regardless, it doesn’t change the fact they demolished the ramen shop. So again, we’re not handing them over.

Nonomi:	Yeah, AND we can use this chance to find out who they’re working for. We’re not done with them yet.

Ayane:	In conclusion, there’s no need for us to negotiate with you! We demand that the Gehenna Prefect Team removes its forces immediately!

Ako:		…
That 's too bad. If that’s how it has to be, then you leave me no choice. Truly, it brings me no joy to do this, but…
		(Smiles intensely, she literally shines of happiness)
		We have no choice but to use force.



(Shiroko, Serika and Nonomi react with surprise)
*KA-POW* *POW* *POW* *POW*
(Shooting sounds)


PT Mem. A:	Aarrrggghhh!

*KA-POW* *POW* *POW* *POW*
(Shooting sounds)

PT Mem. B:	Gahhh!

Iori:		Th-The heck?!

Haruka:	(Appears behind Iori out of nowhere)
		Unforgivable…

Iori:		(Moves to the side)
Wh-Where did you come from?!
Haruka:	Aaarrrggghhh! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! Unforgivable! 

*KA-POW* *POW* *POW* *POW* *POW* *POW*
(Shooting sounds)

Iori:		Gahhhhhh…
*Collapses*

???:		Enough of your lies, Amau Ako.

Ako:		Pardon?

Kayoko:	What you said about how doing this brings you no joy…That’s a lie. This is what you wanted all along.

Ako:		Kayoko…

Mutsuki:	Nice one, Haruka! ☆

Haruka:	S-Sorry! Sorry I didn’t come to the rescue sooner…
It’s all my fault… The plan is ruined! Sh-Should I sacrifice myself as penance?! I’ll do it gladly!

Mutsuki:	Yeah, technically, it is your fault. But I think it’s all right now that things are getting a lot more interesting.

Ako:		Oh, dear. You managed to break through our perimeter.

Serika:	What the heck? How’d they get all the way there?

Shiroko:	W-well…

Ako:		…

PT Vice Cap:	My apologies, Senior Administrator. Our attention was on the Abydos students.

Ako:		It’s quite all right… As for you, Kayoko. What is it you’re getting at?

Kayoko:	…
At first, I was surprised the PRefect Team would show up way out here. Why go out of your way to another school’s district just to arrest some petty criminals like us?
An inefficient and sloppy use of force like that isn’t Hina’s style. This was obviously a unilateral decision of yours, Ako.

Ako:		…

Kayoko:	And you mobilized a platoon the size of a small army to take us into custody? Nah. You did it because you fully anticipated a hostile engagement with another school.
		But the entire student body of this school is only five students…
		Which leaves the only one explanation.

(Closeup on Ako)

Kayoko:	Your true objective was Schale. What you wanted was Sensei all along.

Shiroko:	…?!

Serika:	Wh-What?!

Nonomi:	Sensei?!

Sensei:	[“Me?”]

Ako:		…
		Hmm.
Oh, dear. I should’ve remembered that Problem Solver had someone like you in its ranks, Kayoko. Perhaps I said too much to the Abydos girls.
		Ah, well. No matter.
		(Ako snaps her fingers)

 *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*
(The Prefect Team troops start moving)

Kayoko:	…?!

 *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*
(The troops keep moving)

Ayane:	Prefect Team forces are advancing from all directions.

Serika:	(With a nervous expression)
… 

 *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*
(The troops keep moving)

Serika:	(With a serious expression)
… 

Shiroko:	Reinforcements.

Ayane:	You had more coming? I-In such overwhelming numbers?

Ako:		Okay, maybe I did overdo it just a little…but I figured it was better to be safe than sorry when dealing with Schale.
		It’s better to be over-prepared than under-prepared after all! ☆

Kayoko:	I thought we’d broken past their siege line, but now there’s a second…

Ako:		Kayoko is right. Well, she’s half-right. It’s true that I anticipated the worst in the event of a clash with Schale.
		But it’s not true that I intended for things to escalate like they did.
I really hope you believe me when I say that…though I understand if you don’t.
		The Tea Party…
They act as the student council of Trinity General School - Gehenna Academy’s longtime rival.
Our intelligence gatherers have learned of a report on Schale that was submitted to the Tea Party.

(Flashback to Abydos school)


Hifumi:	I’ll pass along what happened today to the Tea Party!

(Back to the present)



Ako:		I had no clue what Schale was at first…but whatever intel the Tea Party had, it was absolutely necessary for us to acquire it as well.
		So I took a look at the report Chinatsu had compiled.

Chinatsu:	(Very belatedly, I might add.)

Ako:		A mysterious organization left behind by the General Student Council president… An extrajudicial club headed by an adult…
		I can’t be the only one who finds that suspicious.
		There are too many unknown variables when it comes to Schale.
		That’s unacceptable with the treaty on the horizon.
		So until it’s signed, the Prefect Team will be taking Sensei into our custody.
Taking care of a group of troublemakers while we do so is simply an added bonus.

Kayoko:	…

Shiroko:	It’s nice that things are being kept simple.

Serika:	So your plan is to kidnap Sensei? Do you really think we’re gonna let that happen?

Nonomi:	…

Ako:		Yes. That is the way it will be. Isn’t that right, Okusora Ayane?

Ayane:	…?

Ako:		We won’t hesitate to resort to violence if necessary. 
		In fact, we welcome it.

Ayane:	…!

Aru:		…

Kayoko:	Boss, this is our only chance to run. There’s no turning back once the battle breaks out.
The Prefect team will attempt to wipe us and Abydos out in one fell swoop. But if the Abydos students draw their fire away, we may be able to break through one of their weaker points.

Aru:		Heh.
		Heh heh heh…

Kayoko:	Boss?

Aru:		Oh, Kayoko. You should know me better by now.

Kayoko:	…?


Aru:		Run away? After the way they’ve treated us? We never run away from a fight!
		Problem Solver is anything but a pack of third-rate villains!

Mutsuki:	…

(Aru trembles for a second, background disappears and changes to complete black. The screen focuses completely on Aru. Unwelcome School starts playing)

Aru:		I could never forgive myself if I let them get away with such blatant disrespect!

(Screen returns to normal)

Haruka:	Aru…


Kayoko:	(But we ran away from a fight just yesterday…)
*sigh* So you’re gonna fight them? They’ll be tough to beat, even if we join forces with Abydos…
Besides, there’s no way the Abydos students will cooperate with us. All that’s left is to-

Serika:	All right! We’re working with Problem Solver! Let’s wipe out those arrogant little twerps!

Shiroko:	We shall become Sensei’s shield.

Kayoko:	…?!

Nonomi:	All of us will protect Sensei together! Got it?

Kayoko:	Things certainly escalated quickly…

Aru:		Ah… Ahahahahaha!
		Naturally! Who do you think I am? Our victory is assured.
		Trust is met with trust! That’s the Problem Solver way!

Haruka:	Yes! And we owe it to Sensei!

Aru:		And for the record, we didn’t blow up the ramen shop by mistake!
		Th-That was totally on purpose…got it?!
It was an act of high-level psychological warfare that only a cold-hearted outlaw like me can use…

Mutsuki:	…
		(She happy)

Ako:		Well then. We certainly knew this was possible…
		Still, aren’t you becoming buddy-buddy a little TOO quickly?
		These things are supposed to take time.
		But very well.
Prefect Team, we’re moving out. Subdue the Foreclosure Task Force and Problem Solver, and do all you can to secure Sensei.
		Sensei is an outsider to Kivotos, so see to it they aren’t harmed.

Iori:		I’m gonna make you pay for firing that shotgun at me!

*The Prefect Team troops move, stepping sounds are heard*

Ayane:	The enemy has begun the siege!
		Sensei! Please lead Problem Solver 68 with us!

[Battle]

*Problem Solver & Foreclosure Task Force VS Prefect Team*
























Part 2
Summary: “The hard-fought battle was seemingly over until yet more members of the Prefect Team appeared. Just then, the head prefect, Hina, arrives and questions Ako about the entire series of events thus far.”

Ako:		Oh, dear…

PT Man. A:	Squad one is unable to fight! Retreat and regroup!

PT Man. B:	Squad three, pull back until we can resupply!

Ako:		…
I see. I have a much better understanding in just how many troops we must allocate to deal with Schale.
		Their power is way beyond what I expected…
Incredible.
We didn’t underestimate them, but we should have approached this more carefully.
But it’s not like they’re invincible. I have seen their weakness…so I know what it will take to defeat them.
We just have to push a little more…I'm sure we can win.
All right, rear squad eight, advance.

Ayane:	The Prefect Team are calling for a third round of backup!

Serika:	*pant* *pant* Again?!

Kayoko:	You mean there’s more of them?!

Aru:		Th-This is nothing! We can keep fighting!

Kayoko:	Ako shouldn’t have the authority to mobilize this many troops.
		Someone else must be backing this attack as well…

Mutsuki:	You mean the head prefect gave the order after all?

Aru:		What?! You mean Hina is coming here?! W-We have ro tun, now!

Kayoko:	No, that’s not what I said. Calm down, Boss…

 *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*
(Prefect Team troops move)

Ako:		This will be a whole new experience for me from here on out.
		I’ll have to write an apology letter if the president catches wind of this…
		Well, the. It’s time for round three. Prefect Team, ready your weapons.
*tchhhk*
(Someone joins the conversation)

Hina:		(Talking through hologram)
Ako.

Ako:		Hmm?
		P-President Hina?!

Shiroko:	President?

Serika:	“President”? You mean it’s the head prefect?!

Ako:		P-President, I wasn’t expecting to hear from you so soon.

Hina:		Ako, where are you right now?

Ako:		M-Me? I’m, um…down the street from Gehenna, of course. I’m on a routine patrol with the club.

Serika:	That’s a lie!

Nonomi:	I guess the senior administrator really was acting on her own…

Ako:		A-Anyway. What’s this about? You’re supposed to be away on a business trip.

Hina:		I am. In fact I just arrived.

Ako:		Oh, I see! Well, President, I have something I need to do…so I’ll get back to you in a bit! I-I'm just a little busy right now!

Hina:		Busy? Why are you busy during a routine patrol? What’s going on?

Ako:		Huh? W-Well, that’s because… Um…

Hina:		Could it be you’re busy with something like…commanding our members in the district of another academy without jurisdiction?

Ako:		What…was that?

*Hina gets angry. Footsteps are heard and suddenly the real Hina appears at the side of the hologram*

Ako:		Huh?

Shiroko:	…?!

Serika:	H-Holy crap…
Nonomi:	…?!

Iori:		P-President?! When did you get here?!

Chinatsu:	…!

Ako:		…

(Crash sound, background becomes black. The screen focuses on Ako. No sounds nor music are playing)

Ako:		Oh, no.

(A breeze can be heard, still no music nor other sounds)

Hina:		…
		You’d better have a good explanation for this, Ako.

[TO BE CONTINUED]
		


























Episode 2 - The Gehenna Head Prefect

Summary: “Having heard Ako’s story, Hina promptly apologizes for the Prefect Team overstepping for the Prefect Team overstepping their bounds. While commanding her forces to pull out, Hina subtly informs Sensei that the Kaiser Corporation is up to something in the Abydos Desert.”

Ayane:	The Gehenna head prefect is Sorasaki Hina.
		Her appearance checks out. It must be her.
But the Gehenna Head Prefect is the highest ranking member of Gehenna’s military… What would bring someone like that all the way here?

Hina:		…

Ako:		I-I’m…I’m here to…arrest troublemakers…

Hina:		Where is Problem Solver 68? It looks like they’re confronting Schale.

Ako:		Huh? Problem Solver should be…

*whoosh*
(Breezing)

Ako:		Wh-When did they escape?! Th-They were just here…

Hina:		…

Ako:		S-So…I-I can explain everything, President.

Hina:		…
		No, that’s all right. I think I understand.
This must have been done for the sake of identifying and removing Gehenna’s risk factors

Ako:		…

Hina:		But, Ako, we’re the Prefect Team, not the Student Council.
Scale, the Tea Party…the General Student Council president…Those things are best left to the raccoons of the Pandemonium Society.
We’ll discuss the details when I get back. Cut all communications and take some time to reflect in the Prefect Team club room, Ako.

Ako:		…Yes, ma’am.

Hina:		…

Ayane:	…

Shiroko:	…

Nonomi:	…

Serika:	…

Sensei:	[“…”]

Shiroko:	Now’s our chance to try again.

Ayane:	W-Wait a minute! The Gehenna head prefect is extremely powerful. There’s no one stronger than her in all of Kivotos!
	Don’t be in such a rush. We have to negotiate first! Why do you guys like fighting so much?

Shiroko:	…U-Um.

Ayane:	We’re the Abydos Foreclosure Task Force, Miss Head Prefect.
		Do you understand the situation?!

Hina:		…
		Of course.
There has been an unauthorized troop deployment near other districts without prior notice as well as clashes with other academy students.
…But it is also true that you interfered in the business of the Prefect Team, Abydos.

Ayane:	…?!

Shiroko:	Okay.

Serika:	So?

Nonomi:	Our position has not changed.

Ayane:	Wait…Problem Solver is gone, and the number of troops hasn’t changed. All we have is Sensei…and it’s hard to stop the others…
	I wish Hoshino was here right now…

Hina:		…Hoshino?

Ayane:	…?

Hina:		Could Abydos’ Hoshino be…Takanashi Hoshino?

Ayane:	Huh?

???:		What’s all this, now? What a mess.
*Stepping sounds, Hoshino slowly appears*

Shiroko:	!
Serika:	What?!

Ayane:	H-Hoshino?!

Hoshino:	Sorry, sorry. I was just taking a little nap. I know I’m late.

Hina:		(Surprised)
		…

Serika:	What took you so long?! It was nuts here! Those Gehenna punks were…

Shiroko:	But we defeated all of them.

Nonomi:	Well, not all of them…

Hoshino:	The Gehenna Prefect Team… You followed Problem Solver all the way here?

Hina:		…

Hoshino:	All right, I don’t know what happened, but everyone in the Foreclosure Task Force is present. So shall we try this again, Prefect Team?

Hina:		(Shakes a little bit)
…
…You’ve changed a lot since your first year. I almost didn’t recognize you.

Hoshino:	Huh? Do you know me?

Hina:		When I was on the Intelligence Committee, I took note of any students of interest in each district.
	I could never forget you, Takanashi Hoshino… I thought you left Abydos after the incident.

Hoshino:	…

Hina:	…I see. So that’s what happened. That’s why Schale…
	…
	Well, never mind. I didn’t come here to fight.
	…Iori. Chinatsu.

Iori:	Y-Yes, President.

Chinatsu:	…Yes.

Hina:	Gather the troops. We’re pulling out.
Iori:	What?!

Ayane:	Pulling out?!

Hina:	(She bows.)

Hoshino:	Eh?

Nonomi:	Sh-She bowed?!

Hina:	For the utilization of troops without prior notice and for causing a commotion in another district…
	I, Sorasaki Hina, Gehenna head prefect, formally apologizes to the Abydos Foreclosure Task Force.

(Screen still shows only Hina)

Shiroko:	!

Serika:	?!

Nonomi:	!

Hina:	Gehenna’s Prefect Team will no longer enter this area without authorization. I ask for your forgiveness and understanding.

Chinatsu:	President…

Iori:	W-Wait a minute, President! What about the ones who violated the rules?
	What about Problem Solver?

Hina:	(She glares.)

Iori:	U-Ugh…

Hina:	Let’s go back.

(The Prefect Team disperses, but Hina stays behind)

Hina:	…

*whish*
(Breeze)

Ayane:	All the Prefect Team’s forces…vanished from Abydos in the blink of an eye…
	To be able to move such a large force so quickly… The head prefect is really something

Shiroko:	What a shame. It was a good opportunity to fight some powerful enemies.

Serika:	Shiroko must have the blood of warriors… Then again, I’m not one to turn down a fight either.

Hoshino:	Uh, I don’t really understand what’s going on. What happened?

Nonomi:	I don’t know… Why was the head prefect here?

Ayane:	We don’t have a clue either! Where were you?!

Hoshino:	Sorry, sorry.

Ayane:	*sigh* I feel like…things are getting worse.
	It’s all so chaotic…and hard to navigate.

Serika:	Ayane…

Nonomi:	Right. So much happened today… We shouldn’t push ourselves to do any more. We need to rest.

Ayane:	Yes. Let’s disband for today and figure out the situation at school tomorrow.

Hoshino:	…Hmm, okay. You’re right, Ayane. Let’s call it a day. We’ll meet in the club room early tomorrow.

Nonomi:	Okay.

Serika:	Got it. I need a shower, anyway…

Shiroko:	…Sensei.
	I think the head prefect said something to you before she left…
	What was it?

*Fades to black, flashback to what happened some minutes/seconds ago*

Iori:	*sigh*

Chinatsu:	Iori, are you okay?

Iori:	I was threatened with a shotgun, rolled around, scolded by Ako, and stared down by the president. It’s been a…tough day.

Chinatsu:	…I see.

Iori:	Umm… Can you please not give me that pitiful look?

Chinatsu:	It’s called sympathy, Iori.
Iori:	…Okay.
*Footsteps*

Hina:	…Sensei of Schale.

Sensei:	[“You want to talk to me?”]

Hina:	Yes. I have something I need to tell you.
	I thought it best that you hear about it in advance.

Sensei:	[“What is it?”]

Hina:	…Are you familiar with the Kaiser Corporation?

Sensei:	[“I know it very well”]
[“I’ve heard of it ”]

Hina:	…I see.
	…
	Both Pandemonium and the Tea Party have yet to receive this information.
	But I thought you should know.
	…
	I think the Kaiser Corporation is up to something in the abandoned desert of Abydos.

Sensei:	[“In the Abydos Desert…”]
[“The Kaiser Corporation?”]

Hina:	Yes. I had no interest in informing Abydos. Their academy will soon be shut down anyway.
	…Well, then.
	See you next time, Sensei.

Shiroko:	…

Sensei:	[“I’ll tell you when we’ve all gathered.”]

Shiroko:	…Okay, Sensei.
	Then let’s go back.


[TO BE CONTINUED]





Episode 3 - Farewell, Problem Solver 68

Summary: “Sensei sees Problem Solver out of Abydos. In the meantime, Ayane and Serika pay Master Shiba a visit in the hospital. He tells the girls that the ramen shop’s building has been taken over by the Kaiser Corporation.”


Problem Solver 68 Office


Aru:	*sigh*

Mutsuki:	Don’t just stand there, Aru! Let’s get moving already!

Aru:	*sigh*

Haruka:	E-Excuse me. Where should I put this?

Mutsuki:	Huh? Wow, look at this! Aru worked really hard on this calligraphy! Throw it into the burning pile of trash over there.

Aru:	You can’t throw that away! We have to take it with us!

Mutsuki:	But it’s just your old calligraphy homework. “Do one bad thing each day”? What a strange message.

Aru:	B-But, it’ll be worth about 100 million yen in ten years or so…
	*sigh*
Mutsuki:	You look so down, Aru.

Kayoko:	What’s up, boss?

Mutsuki:	I don’t think Aru is happy to be moving out of the office.
	But we can’t let the Prefect Team know our location, and our clients are gonna come after us for failing the mission. What else can we do?
	The fight with Abydos also ended on a sour note.

Aru:	Th-Those backstabbers! How could they target those who fought alongside them? They’re cowards, that’s what they are!

Kayoko:	*sigh*
	The money in the bag was left at the ramen place ro cover the repairs. Aru, you’re…

Aru:	Sh-Shut up! Shut up!
	I know!
	…
	I know I’m not…a hard-boiled outlaw…

Kayoko:	*sigh*
	Our boss is so high-maintenance.

Mutsuki:	But that’s Aru’s charm! She’s so much fun to be around!

Haruka:	That’s true, Aru! If it weren’t for you, I don’t know if I would still be alive today…
	(Purple shines)
	I look up to you more than anyone, Aru!

Aru:	(Crash sound)
I-I said shut up! 

*Transition to somewhere else*



Haruka:	Heave-ho!
	That’s it! Everything’s loaded!

Kayoko:	Where should we go now?

Aru:	Hmm…

Mutsuki:	Well, if no one has a plan, should we head back to Gehenna?

Sensei:	[“Hello, everyone!”]

Haruka:	…!

Aru:	Y-You?!

Kayoko:	Sch-Schale’s Sensei?!

Mutsuki:	Whoa! It’s Sensei! You’re here!

Aru:	Wh-What are you doing here? You’re on Abydos’s side!

Mutsuki:	Yeah! but Sensei’s always saying that we should get along.

Haruka:	That’s true. And Sensei did help us when we were fighting the Prefect Team…
Kayoko:	Sensei doesn’t seem to have any malicious intent… Besides, we’re just about to leave. There’s no reason to be hostile now.

Sensei:	[“You’re leaving?”]

Aru:	We’re not leaving! We’re moving on so we can get more commissions! So let’s go already!

Sensei:	[“Hope to see you soon, Aru.”]

Aru:	…
	A-Ahahaha! Of course, Sensei! I can see us doing business together.
	Though, we can’t right now since we’re so busy. Maybe some other time.

Mutsuki:	Yeah. It’s not like we’ll visit Abydos again. I kind of like this place.

Kayoko:	Well…Yeah.

Haruka:	Yes, I agree.

Aru:	O-Of course! I’ll come back for the ramen!
	…
	(Aru gets closer)
	…It was delicious.

*fade to black*

(Soon, the truck loading with Problem Solver 68’s worldly possessions passed through the alley.)



Ayane:	Hello, Master. I’ve come to check on you.

Serika:	Are you all right, Master?

M. Shiba:	Hey, Serika. Ah, and Serika’s friend, Ayane. You’re here early.

Sensei:	[“How are you feeling?”]

M. Shiba:	Even Sensei’s here. I’m fine, I’m fine. It was just a scratch.

Serika:	But what about your shop?

M. Shiba:	Well, I’m sorry I had to let you go, Serika.

Serika:	Why are you apologizing? I can’t exactly work in a building that’s been leveled.

M. Shiba:	I was actually gonna close the shop soon anyway. It just happened earlier than I planned.

Ayane:	What? You were going to close your shop?

M. Shiba:	Yeah. I already had an eviction notice from the building owner.

Ayane:	Th-The building owner? What are you talking about? Buildings in the Abydos district are owned by the Abydos School, so your shop has to be…

M. Shiba:	…
	Actually, the Abydos Student Council couldn’t pay off its debt, so ownership of the building changed. I guess you didn’t know because it happened so long ago.

Ayane:	What?!

Serika:	R-Really? The property was sold? To whom?!

Sensei:	[“Was it Kaiser Loans?”]
[“Was it the Kaiser Corporation?”]

M. Shiba:	Hmm… That name sounds right…but I’m not too familiar with all the documents and contracts.

Ayane:	I-If that’s what happened…
	Serika, Sensei, you should go ahead back to the school. I have to check something before I go.

Serika:	H-Huh? What is it? I’ll go with you, Ayane!

Ayane:	Okay. In that case, you should go back to the club room first, Sensei. We’ll be right behind you!

Sensei:	[“All right. I also have something to tell everyone.”]

Serika:	Master! Don’t even think about retiring yet, all right?

M. Shiba:	Oh, Serika. I saw a strange bag of money in the restaurant…

Sensei:	[“Use it to repair your shop.”]

M. Shiba:	E-Eh?

Ayane:	Let’s go, Serika!

Serika:	I don’t know where we’re going, but okay… See you later, Sensei!


[TO BE CONTINUED]
 



Episode 4 - Everyone Has a Story Part 1

Summary: “Back at the club room, everyone goes over what had happened. Ayane and Serika do some digging into administrative documents and tell the group that the majority of the Abydos district’s land has been transferred to the Kaiser Corporation.”


Entrance of Abydos High School

Nonomi:	Oh, Sensei?
	You’re certainly here early! ☆ We still have a lot of time left before the meeting begins.

Sensei:	[“Nonomi, you’re already here.”]

Nonomi:	Sure am! I got here early to do some cleaning. I just couldn’t sit still…
	How’s the master doing?

Sensei:	[“...Well, his health seems fine.”]

Nonomi:	Oh, I’m glad.
	I thought it would be too overwhelming for him if we all went to the hospital together, so it didn’t go with the others.
	I’ll have to go with Shiroko and Hoshino later.
	But when you say his health seems fine…
	Do you mean that there’s another problem?

Sensei:	[“You’re pretty sharp, Nonomi.”]

Nonomi:	Ahaha… Call it a hunch.
	You left with Serika and Ayane but came back alone, so I thought maybe something had happened…
	Okay, then you can tell me once we’re all together. If it’s important, then we should all know about it.

Sensei:	[“Sure, okay.”]

Nonomi:	…
	A lot has changed since you came here…
	We got our very first advisor, and we were able to fight off the gangs that had been harassing us…
	We secured the supplies we needed, and we’ve overcome so many problems…
	…But it seems like now we have more problems to face than ever.
	The Helmer Gang… Problem Solver… The Prefect Team… The Kaiser Corporation…
	I wonder what else lies ahead…
	…
	Do you think…the Foreclosure Task Force will be able to keep moving forward?

Sensei:	[“Yeah.”]
	[“Of course.”]

Nonomi:	Yup, yup! If you say so, then it must be true.

Shiroko:	Hi, Nonomi. Sensei.

Nonomi:	Oh, Shiroko, are you here to wait with us?

Shiroko:	…Where’s Hoshino?

Nonomi:	Hoshino? She’s already here. She’s probably taking a nap somewhere around the school again…

Shiroko:	Um, okay.
	…
	…Sensei, how’s Master?

Sensei:	[“Master is...”]

Nonomi:	Yup, yup! Sensei told me that Master’s health is fine!
	But it seems like there’s something else going on, so we should all meet up to discuss it.
Shiroko:	…Okay, I get it.
	I’ll go back first, then.

Nonomi:	Somehow, Shiroko seems…

Sensei:	[“Kinda off, right?”]

Nonomi:	R-Right? That’s the vibe I got too…
	She seemed kind of nervous for some reason…
	Hmm, I hope I’m just imagining it…

Sensei:	[“Let’s go check.”]

Nonomi:	Yeah, okay!

*fade to black*



*bang*
(It actually sounds like someone hitting something)

*crash*
(It actually sounds like someone or something falling to the floor)

Hoshino:	Ow… That hurt, Shiroko.
Shiroko:	Don’t act like you don’t know anything.

Nonomi:	…?!
	That sounded like…
Sensei:	[“Go into the classroom where the sound came from.”]

*fade to black*




Hoshino:	Act? I don’t know what you’re talking about…

Shiroko:	…
	…That’s a lie.

Hoshino:	It’s not a lie… Huh?

Nonomi:	Hoshino! Shiroko! What’s going on?!

Sensei:	[“Calm down, everyone.”]

Shiroko:	U-Um…

Nonomi:	What the hell is going on?

Shiroko:	…This is between me and Hoshino.

Hoshino:	…

Shiroko:	…I’m sorry, but please leave us.

Nonomi:	Yeah, no can do! ☆

Shiroko:	…

Nonomi:	There are no secrets in the Foreclosure Task Force. You know that we’re all on the same team, right?

Shiroko:	…U-Um.

Nonomi:	So, if you don’t explain what’s going on…
	…you’ll be punished.

Shiroko:	True…

Hoshino:	Um… So…
	Guess I got caught trying to sneak in a nap to rest my old bones.
	But that’s not fair. You already know how lazy I am. It comes as naturally to me as breathing.

Shiroko:	Oh, u-um.

Hoshino:	You don’t have to get so angry. Shiroko tends to take things too seriously.
	Well, it should be about time for the meeting. Let’s head to the club room.
	(Leaves the classroom)

Shiroko:	…
	U-Um…

Nonomi:	…

Sensei:	[“Are you okay, Nonomi?”]

Nonomi:	…Yes. I think she’s hiding something.
	…
	It’s okay, though. Everyone has at least one secret they hold close…
	We should go too, Sensei. We can’t keep everyone waiting.

*fade to black*




Foreclosure Task Force Room


Hoshino:	Hmm…

Shiroko:	…

Nonomi:	…

Sensei:	[(Awkward…)]

Serika:	Guys, this is bad! Look at this!

Ayane:	It’s a land registration map of the district! It…
	…Huh?
	Eh?

Shiroko:	…

Hoshino:	…

Serika:	…Why does everything feel so tense?

Ayane:	D-Did something happen?

Sensei:	[“Not, not really.”]
Serika:	O-Okay. More importantly!
	We’ve just learned something very serious!
	Yes, it’s urgent! Everyone, please take a look at this!
	*flap*

Hoshino:	What’s this? A map?

Ayane:	This is a property map of the Abydos district, which includes a record of all its most recent transactions.

Nonomi:	Huh? You mean this document confirms who owns the land?
	Everyone knows that Abydos’ land belongs to the school, so what’s the point of showing us this?

Serika:	No, that’s not true!

Ayane:	When we visited the hospital this morning, Master explained everything!
	Most of the buildings in the Abydos district, including the Shiba Seki ramen shop…
	…are not owned by our school.

Hoshino:	What?!
	What are you talking about, Ayane? This Abydos district doesn’t belong to Abydos? Then…
	*flap*
	This is…

Nonomi:	The current owner is…

Ayane:	…Kaiser Construction!

Hoshino:	…!

Nonomi:	…What?!

Shiroko:	?!


[TO BE CONTINUED]






Episode 5 - Everyone Has a Story Part 2

Summary: “Hoshino recounts history to the Foreclosure Task Force. It’s likely the now-defunct Abydos Student Council tried to repay its debts until the land was eventually repossessed by the Kaiser Corporation. Sensei suggests following Hina’s hunt and to go to the Abydos Desert.”

Nonomi:	Kaiser Construction? You mean the Kaiser Corporation?!
	The Abydos district belongs to Kaiser?!

Shiroko:	Does that include the Shiba Seki ramen shop?

Ayane:	Yes. The building already belongs to the Kaiser Corporation. The eviction order was issued some time ago…
	So, Master decided to close the shop… He said it was bound to happen eventually.

Serika:	…

Shiroko:	…!

Hoshino:	What?!

Nonomi:	N-No way… Not the ramen shop…

Ayane:	Nor only that, but the main building of Abydos, along with the surrounding desert and wilderness and even the buildings that nature has not reclaimed yet…all of that already belongs to them.
	The only areas that they don’t have control over are the main building of the school and parts of the surrounding area…

Nonomi:	B-But, how is this possible? How could the land in the academy district have been traded away?
	Who would do such a thing?

Hoshino:	It must have been the Abydos Student Council.

Shiroko:	…!

Hoshino:	The Student Council has voting rights on school assets. Only the Student Council would be authorized to do this.

Ayane:	She’s right. The transaction was led by Abydos’ previous Student Council.

Nonomi:	But…the Abydos Student Council has been gone for two years…

Ayane:	Yes. No further deals have come to light since the Student Council disappeared.

Hoshino:	I see. Two years ago…


Serika:	What have they done? Those idiot Student Council members!
	How could they sell the school’s land to the Kaiser Corporation?!
	The school belongs to the students! Why would they do something like this?!

Hoshino:	…

Nonomi:	This is huge, and we had no idea it had ever happened…

Ayane:	The district belongs to the school. That’s common knowledge, so we were only concerned about the school’s debt, not the school’s assets.
	If only I had known sooner…

Hoshino:	Even if you had known, there’s nothing you could have done.
	This happened before you entered the school, before the Foreclosure Task Force had even been formed.

Shiroko:	Hoshino… Did you know anything about this?

Nonomi:	Oh, right! You used to be part of the Abydos Student Council, didn’t you?

Serika:	Oh, really? Is that true?

Ayane:	Yes. In fact…she was vice president of the last Student Council…

Hoshino:	Oh, well, that’s true, but I never met the upperclassmen from two years ago.
	By the time I joined the Student Council, all of the former members had already resigned.
	The number of enrolled students was single-digits, there were no faculty members, and classes had been suspended for a long time.
	The Student Council room was like an empty warehouse, and none of the previous members had left any documents. It was a time when the school building was moved several times to avoid ruin.
	The last Student Council was only the new student president and me.
	The president was an idiot with the lowest grades in school and accepted the position blindly, and I was an ill-tempered first-year.
	Ugh…Everything was a mess.

Serika:	The student with the lowest grades was the student body president? What kind of a Student Council is that?
	Grades don’t indicate whether someone is suited for a job, Serika.

Ayane:	Your grades aren’t that great either…
	I-I know that! Why are you bringing up my grades all of a sudden? I’m just saying!



Hoshino:	No, she’s right. We may have called it a Student Council, but we were so incompetent.
	I ended up joining the Student Council by accident… Hmm, I was pretty aimless back then.
	I had no idea what I was doing… I was a total idiot.

Ayane:	…
	Hoshino…

Shiroko:	Hoshino, you shouldn’t blame yourself.
	In fact, after the Student Council was disbanded, it was only thanks to you that the Foreclosure Task Force was established in Abydos.

Hoshino:	Huh?

Shiroko:	You may be lazy, but you’re always the first to take initiative when it really matters.

Ayane:	Yeah. When Serika went missing, you were the first to ask Sensei for help.

Hoshino:	Is that right? I don’t remember…

Sensei:	[“Yes, it’s true.”]

Serika:	Oh. Really?!

Shiroko:	Well, you may be annoying, but you’re also someone I respect.

Serika:	I’m not sure if that’s a compliment…

Hoshino:	Wh-What is this? What’s come over you, Shiroko?! Hearing you say that makes me feel so embarrassed!

Shiroko:	…Well, I just wanted to say it.

Hoshino:	E-Eh?

Shiroko:	…

*fade to black*

Nonomi:	Why do you think the former Student Council sold the land to Kaiser?

Shiroko:	Obviously, they were in cahoots with Kaiser.

Ayane:	No...I don’t think so.

Hoshino:	Oh, I didn’t know those upperclassmen very well, but I’m sure they worked hard for the benefit of the school.
	Perhaps they did it to pay off the debt…

Nonomi:	The debt…

Ayane:	Yes. That’s what I think too. Even back then, the school’s debt was enormous.
	But since it was sold at such a low price, forget the principal. They couldn’t even keep up with the increasing interest…

Nonomi:	So they kept selling land…

Serika:	What? That’s so weird…

Sensei:	[“They manipulated them into giving up the land.”]

Serika:	Huh? What do you mean, Sensei?

Sensei:	[“Abydos was caught in their trap.”]

Serika:	H-Huh?

Hoshino:	…Oh.
	I see.

Shiroko:	It was Kaiser that lent the money to Abydos.

Ayane:	…!

Nonomi:	That means…

Shiroko:	Kaiser Loans lent the school more money than they could ever repay, forcing them to sell the land to keep up with the riding interest.

Ayane:	Yes. At first, they must have told them to sell the useless lands in the wasteland and desert.
	The land had already been ruined, so anyone would have been tempted by such an offer…
	But because they sold it at such a low price, the debt never decreased, and they kept handing over more and more land… 
	And so the Abydos district slowly became the property of Kaiser…

Shiroko:	Yes. That must be how it happened.

Nonomi:	Then, the reason they lent that money to Abydos in the first place…was so they could take the land.


Hoshino:	It’s a trap they’ve been preparing for a long time. Maybe even decades…
	It was all a massive conspiracy…

Serika:	I can’t believe it! They played right into the hands of those Kaiser bastards!
	The Student Council was so stupid! How could they fall into their trap so easily?!

Sensei:	[“No, you’ve got it all wrong.”]

Serika:	Sensei?

Sensei:	[“The ones who tricked them are the villains. Don’t blame the victims.”]

Serika:	(Shakes a little)
…

Hoshino:	…

Serika:	I-I know that! I’ve bought sketchy stuff like germanium bracelets! I know better than anyone that the con artists are the bad guys!
	But…
	I still feel so angry… Why?
	Why would they do something so cruel to Abydos? We were already struggling…

Ayane:	Serika…

Sensei:	[“...”]

Shiroko:	…

Nonomi:	…

Hoshino:	When people are suffering, they become desperate.

Serika:	Huh?

Hoshino:	And desperate people…will do anything to alleviate their suffering.
	Just quoting someone else. That’s all there is to it, Serika.

*fade to black*






Ayane:	The school’s debt…the situation in Abydos, and the clues we found with Sensei…
	It’s all coming together.
	After the Student Council disappeared, the Kaiser Corporation had no way to purchase more land…
	This school was the last piece they didn’t own, so they hired hands to harass us!
	In the end, what the Kaiser Corporation wanted wasn’t money…but land!

Nonomi:	But…why do they want the land?
	The Abydos district is nothing but wilderness and sand-blasted ruins…

Ayane:	I-I know… I haven’t the slightest clue what could be gained by taking that…

Sensei:	[“I might have some insight there.”]

Shiroko:	…Sensei?

Sensei:	[(Give them the information you got from Hina.)]

*fade to black, flashback*





Hina:	…Sensei of Schale.
	Both Pandemonium and the Tea Party have yet to receive this information.
	But I thought you should know.
	I think the Kaiser Corporation is up to something in the abandoned desert of Abydos.

*fade to black, returns to present*


Foreclosure Task Force Room

Hoshino:	In the abandoned desert…

Shiroko:	Kaiser is…

Nonomi:	Up to something?

Ayane:	Wh-Why would the Gehenna head prefect…?

Shiroko:	Why would she tell you that, Sensei?

Serika:	Come on! What is there to think about?
	The Abydos Desert is in our district! Why don’t we just go?
	If you’re so curious about what’s out there, then let’s go and see for ourselves!

Shiroko:	…Hmm.

Hoshino:	…Wow, Serika. You actually had a good idea for once. You’ve grown so much. I’m so proud.

Nonomi:	(Nods in motherly approval)

Serika:	What is this feeling? Is this what it’s like to be supported?

Ayane:	A-Ahaha…
	Yes. Serika is right.

Sensei:	[“Then, we should leave right now.”]
	[“Let’s go to the Abydos Desert.”]

All:	(Everyone nods)
	Okay!

*fade to black*



Shiroko:	…Sensei.
	Do you have a moment before we leave?
	…I have something I need to talk to you about.

Sensei:	[Follow Shiroko.]

*fade to black*


Shiroko:	…
	Here.

Sensei:	[(Take the piece of paper from Shiroko.)]

Shiroko:	…I found it in Hoshino’s bag.

Sensei:	[“Letter of resignation… Takanashi Hoshino, Foreclosure Task Force?”]

Shiroko:	*nods*
	It’s a letter of resignation from the Foreclosure Task Force.
	I didn’t tell anyone about this…but I’m sure Hoshino knows I went through her bag.

Sensei:	[“Why did you go through her bag?”]

Shiroko:	…She’s never been away as long as she was when the Prefect Team attacked yesterday.
	I just couldn’t understand why she would do that, so I went through her bad and found this.
	…I’m sorry. I know that something’s not a crime just because I don’t understand it. I’ll accept any punishment you decide to give.


Sensei:	[“I’ll punish you later.”]
	[“Keep it a secret for now.”]

Shiroko:	Okay. Hoshino… I think she’s hiding something from us.

*fade to black*


Entrance of Abydos High School

Hoshino:	…

[TO BE CONTINUED]









Episode 6 - Into the Abydos Desert Part 1

Summary: “The Foreclosure Task Force cautiously heads towards the Abydos Desert.”



Ayane:	(Through hologram) You’ve been able to ride the train this far, but you’ll have to walk from here.
	Past this area is the Abydos Desert… It has always been desert, even before everything fell to ruin.
	There are usually broken drones, security robots, and automata prowling around, so it’s a pretty dangerous place…
	We’re out of options. Everyone, please get your weapons ready.
	The intel we received about Kaiser doing something in the Abydos Desert…
	If we want to confirm whether it’s true or not, we have no choice but to go out there ourselves.

Serika:	By the way, Ayane. Isn’t it weird that the Gehena head prefect is the one who gave us that info?
	How does a student from another academy know so much about what’s going on in our district?

Ayane:	That’s probably because the Gehenna Prefect Team is very good at collecting info, so they’d naturally know a lot more than a small academy like us…

Hoshino:	Hmm. Is that all there is to it?

Ayane:	Yes. The Head Prefect, especially. Remember what the senior administrator said?
*flashback*



Ako:	Obviously, we’d notice if it was near the district of another academy…

Ayane:	(Hm…?)

*return to present*



Ayane:	Back then, the administrator said it was near the district of another academy.
	Not in the district, but near…

Serika:	R-Really?!
	And…
*flashback*



Ako:	There was an unfortunate incident, but there’s nothing illegal that I know of… I hope you can understand the urgency of the situation.

*return to present*



Ayane:	“Nothing illegal…” That could mean…
	She probably didn’t know the details, but…maybe they didn’t intend to trespass illegally…
Shiroko:	I disagree. The Prefect Team attacked first with clear intentions to invade. It doesn’t matter if it was in the Abydos district or not.
	And what Ako did after that was a clearly hostile act.
	That’s all we need to know.

Ayane:	Yes, you could be right, but…

*Screen goes black, only Ako is on screen, with a black background*

Ayane:	…At the very least, the senior administrator must have known something that we don’t.
	So, if the Gehenna Head Prefect has information that we don’t have, there’s nothing weird about that…

*Back to normal*

Hoshino:	Well, we can figure it out when we get there. We’ll just have to see for ourselves.
	Let’s keep going.

[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS Helmet Gang Thugs*

[TO BE CONTINUED]





















Episode 7 - Into the Abydos Desert Part 2

Summary: “Arriving at the desert, Hoshino sees the remains of Abydos and reminisces about what once was.”



Serika:	We’ll be working in the desert from here on out…

Nonomi:	I’ve been to the sandy city streets, but never out this far before…

Hoshino:	Wow, it’s been a while since I was last here.

Shiroko:	You’ve been here before?

Hoshino:	I came out a few times as part of my work for the Student Council.
	If you go a little farther from here, you’ll find the oasis where the Abydos Desert Festival was held!

Serika:	What? There’s an oasis here?

Hoshino:	Well, it’s all dried up now. They say that it was once bigger than most lakes and deep enough for boating.
	I’ve never seen it myself, though.

Shiroko:	The Desert Festival… I’ve heard of it. It was the greatest festival in Abydos, and it would attract tons of people.

Hoshino:	That’s right. People from other schools also came to the festival. But, that was decades before the desert moved in.
Serika:	Festivals…and crowds…in a desert like this? I don’t believe it

Hoshino:	Well, I heard that it used to be a nice place to live. There wasn’t so much sand or dust back then.

Ayane:	We still have a little ways to go before we reach the sector mentioned by the Gehenna head prefect.
	But…I don’t know what to expect from this place…
	For now, stay alert as you move forward.

[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS Black Market Automaton and Drones*

[TO BE CONTINUED]






















Episode 8 - Into the Abydos Desert Part 3

Summary: “The Foreclosure Task Force finds that a giant facility has been built in the desert and an unknown force shows up to defend it.”

*Wind sounds. Dust and sand everywhere*

Hoshino:	Hmm. Broken drones and automata…

Ayane:	…Wait! I’m picking up something straight ahead!
	I can’t see well because of all the dust…
	A huge town… No, a factory? No…a garrison? Whatever it is, it’s massive and fully-manned…

Hoshino:	Wh-What? Ayane, are you sure?
	There’s nothing here but a dried-up oasis.

Ayane:	You’re just not close enough to see it! Keep going!



Hoshino:	…

Serika:	Wh-What is this…?

Shiroko:	Barbed wire and facilities that look like they go on for kilometers…
Nonomi:	A factory? I don’t think it’s an oil rig… What the heck is it?

Hoshino:	This definitely wasn’t here before…

*Shooting sounds*

Serika:	Whoa, what?!

*Fade to black*

A. Soldier A:	Intruders!

A. Soldier B:	Capture Them! Don’t let them get Away!

*Fade to black*

Ayane:	Unidentified troops dead ahead!

Hoshino:	Well, I don’t know who they are, but if they’re here to welcome us, we ought to respond in kind!
	Let’s go!

[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC Soldiers* 

[TO BE CONTINUED]




















Episode 9 - Kaiser PMC Part 1

Summary: “The forces are Kaiser PMC and they surround the Foreclosure Task Force.”

Hoshino:	Ugh, wh-who are there guys?!

Serika:	They’re not that strong, but they’re definitely a pain to deal with…more than anything I’ve ever faced before.

Shiroko:	U-Ugh… Maybe even more than the Prefect Team..

Nonomi:	What were these people? And what are they doing here?

Ayane:	I found the facility’s insignia!



Hoshino:	And…?

Ayane:	Hold on, I’m checking…
	Got it. The name of the group is…

Hoshino:	Kaiser PMC…

Ayane:	Yes, I’m sure of it. They’re called Kaiser PMC.

Serika:	K-Kaiser… You mean there guys are also with the Kaiser Corporation?
Ayane:	Yes. They’re not listed, but they’re a subsidiary of the Kaiser Corporation…

Serika:	I’m so sick of them! Everywhere I go, all I see is Kaiser, Kaiser, Kaiser! What is their deal?!

Nonomi:	But PMC means…

Serika:	What is it?

Nonomi:	It stands for Private Military Company…

Serika:	Mercenaries?!

Hoshino:	…

Ayane:	They’re not like those thugs in the Helmet Gang. They’re super organized…just like an army!

Shiroko:	…!

Serika:	A-Army? Y-You mean they’re not students?

Nonomi:	There were rumors about a company recruiting dropouts, expelled students, and troublemakers into a private army… Could this be…

*REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE* (Siren sounds) 

Nonomi:	A-An alarm?!

Serika:	It’s coming from every direction… This is not good…

Nonomi:	Do you hear…helicopters?

Shiroko:	And that rumbling must be from tanks.

Ayane:	There’s a huge army approaching! They’re trying to surround you!
	Thanks, armored vehicles, and even helicopters confirmed… They’re pulling out all the stops!
	Everyone, this is dangerous! Retreat before you’re surrounded! You need to break through the siege and escape!
	Sensei! Please lead them!

[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC Soldiers and Automatons* 

[TO BE CONTINUED]
Episode 10 - Kaiser PMC Part 2

Summary: “A supposed Kaiser board member appears before the Foreclosure Task Force and introduces themselves as the creditor of Abydos.”



*shootings, explosion, then dust appears on screen*

Serika:	*pant *pant*

Shiroko:	*sigh*

Hoshino:	There’s just no end to this…

Ayane:	*crackle* Sensei, can you hear me? They broke through the siege…but they’re…
	*crackle* Communications are unstable… Hurry and retreat…
	Someone…coming…
	*Ayane is gone*

*Three robots with guns appear*

Shiroko:	…We’re screwed.

Hoshino:	They’ve got us surrounded…
Nonomi:	…

*Car braking sounds*

Kaiser D:	…I was wondering who the intruders could be. So it was Abydos.

Serika:	L-Looks like someone important just showed up…

Nonomi:	…

Hoshino:	(That’s…)

Kaiser D:	I didn’t think you would come here… Well, it doesn’t matter either way.

*fade to black*



Black Suit:	Now that the student body president is gone, will you be assuming responsibility of the debt as vice president, Takanashi Hoshino?
	Or…would you rather hear my offer?

*fade to black*



Hoshino:	(That person was…)

Kaiser D:	You’ve damaged a business by illegally breaking onto its private property.
	I could leverage this transgression to double the debt your school owes, but honestly, that wouldn’t change anything…

Hoshino:	You’re…the one from…

Kaiser D:	…Hmm, are you the Student Council president that Gematria was after? Oh, you’re the vice president. I see.
	Yes, yes. I have an interesting idea. It’ll be much better than using Problem Solver or the Helmet Gang.

Serika:	What are you talking about? Problem Solver?

Nonomi:	…Who are you?

Kaiser D:	Hmm… You don’t know me? I’m disappointed, Abydos. I thought you knew me better than anyone.
	I am the chief executive of the Kaiser Corporation.
	And I am the one to whom the Abydos School owes its debt. In other words, I’m your creditor.

Shiroko:	!
Serika:	C-Creditor?!

*Hoshino appears next to the Kaiser PMC Director with an angry expression*

Kaiser D:	Now then, let us discuss your old debt.

[TO BE CONTINUED]


































Episode 11 - A Losing Battle

Summary: “The Kaiser board member reveals their ambitions to find a massive treasure buried somewhere in Abydos. Then, using the Foreclosure Task Force’s debt as leverage, the creditor forces them to back down. Hoshino calls for a retreat to the chagrin of the other task force members.”


Disciplinary Committee Office

*scratch* *scratch*

Ako:	President…how much longer do we have to keep writing?

Hina:	You’re only on page two hundred. Didn’t you tell me you’d write a thousand pages?

Ako:	It was just an expression! I didn’t think you’d actually expect me to write a thousand pages…

Hina:	No more talking.

Ako:	A-Ahaha… Okay, I’ll continue…

*scratch* *scratch*

Ako:	By the way…

Hina:	(Question mark) 

Ako:	Do you know Hoshino from Abydos?

Hina:	…No. That was my first time seeing her in person.

Ako:	I see… You sounder like you knew her pretty well…

Hina:	…
	…Takanashi Hoshino.
	She’s a super-elite student who’d been praised as a genius. Two years ago, the Intelligence Committee identified her as potential threat to Gehenna.

Ako:	Really? She didn’t look like that kind of person at all!


Foreclosure Task Force Room

(Hoshino is on screen)

Ako:	She seemed really laid-back…


Disciplinary Committee Clubroom

Hina:	You mustn't judge people by their looks, Ako.
	…But she’s completely different from the way she was two years ago.
	She used to be much more belligerent and violent… She seemed very tough and sharp.
	…Well, anyway.
	If we had fought her as she was then, the Prefect Team would have been decimated by your hasty actions, Ako.
	And with Schale there, the damage could have been even worse.

Ako:	B-But we analyzed them thoroughly… There wasn’t any information saying…

Hina:	That’s because they stopped operating for an extended period.
	It’s such a tiny school that the Intelligence Committee must have decided that they were no longer a threat.
	If you want more details, Ako, you’ll have to dig through the old files of the Intelligence Committee.






Hina:	But even so…Takanashi Hoshino has never left Abydos.
	Why…?

*fade to black*


Abydos’ Desert
Nonomi:	Abydos’ creditor…

Ayane:	…is from the Kaiser Corporation.

Kaiser D:	Nowadays, I am also the CEO of Kaiser PMC.

Shiroko:	You’ve said enough. We know you’re the one who exploited our school.

Serika:	That’s right! You’re the culprit who hired the Helmet Gang and Problem Solver to come after us! Aren’t you?!

Kaiser D:	Hmm?

Serika:	You’re the reason that Abydos…that Abydos is…

Kaiser D:	My, my… Such spurious allegations.
	You break into someone else’s property, attack innocent Kaiser PMC employees, destroy facilities, and claim that it’s all because of me?
	Ha…Haha. That’s a good one.
	Let me make this clear. This is the legal place of operations of Kaiser PMC, and you are trespassing on private property.

Shiroko:	…!

Serika:	…!

Kaiser D:	Regarding the Abydos district? It’s true. We did purchase it.
	Every step of that transaction was legitimate. We have the ledgers and records to prove it.
	I find it highly distasteful that you’re acting as if we’re committing a crime.
	Are you curious about what we’re doing here? Do you want to know why we bought your land?
	Then I’ll tell you. We’re looking for a treasure that’s supposed to be buried somewhere in Abydos.

Ayane:	…!

Serika:	…That’s a bold-faced lie!

Shiroko:	Yeah. How do you explain all these PMC soldiers?
	How are they not here to claim our district by force?







Kaiser D:	…
	Hundreds of tanks, hundreds of elite soldiers. Untold tons of black powder and ammo.
	Do you truly believe we prepared all this for a school with only five students remaining? Surely you jest.
	This is but a defensive measure against those who would interrupt our treasure hunt. It isn’t meant for you.
	All it would take to deal with you is… Yes, something like this.
	(Radio sounds)
	…It’s me. Yes. Proceed.

Serika:	Wh-What? Who did you just call? Proceed?

Kaiser D:	I regret to inform you that your school’s credit rating has just taken another hit.


Foreclosure Task Force Room

*beep* *beep* (Phone sounds)

Ayane:	A-A phone call? Now?

Teller:	This is Kaiser Loans. From this point forward, Abydos’ credit store will be set to the minimum rating.

Ayane:	?!

Teller:	This has raised the variable interest rate by three thousand percent, and so the amount you will be responsible for starting next month is 91.3 million yen.
	Please be sure to make your next payment by the end of the month.
Ayane:	Excuse me?! H-Hold on… W-Wait… So suddenly? By next month?

Teller:	This has raised the variable interest rate by three thousand percent, and so the amount you will be responsible for starting next month is 91.3 million yen.
	Please be sure to make your next payment by the end of the month.


Abydos’ Desert

Serika:	Did you say 90 million yen?! Wh-What are you talking about?!

Kaiser D:	…Hahaha.
	It is what it is. Now, do you finally understand who holds the rope around your neck?

Nonomi:	…!

Serika:	Ah, w-wait… This is…

Shiroko:	…

Kaiser D:	Do you find that too harsh? Ah, but there’s more.
	We never received a deposit for the 900 million yen you originally borrowed.
	Please deposit 300 million to Kaiser Loans within the week.
	You’ll have to prove that you can pay off the debt even at this interest rate.
	Assuming that IS even possible.

Ayane:	…

Serika:	…

Ayane:	Th-There’s no way we can get that kind of money. We’re barely keeping up with the interest as it is. How…?

Kaiser D:	In that case, you’ll just have to give up your academy and leave.

Ayane:	…!

Kaiser D:	Drop out and transfer. Isn’t that the right thing to do? The debt was never yours to begin with.
	It’s the school’s debt to pay. It isn’t your responsibility.

Nonomi:	Th-That may be true, but…! There’s no way we can do that!

Serika:	It’s OUR school now! We can’t just abandon it!

Shiroko:	Abydos is our home.

Kaiser D:	Such foolishness. What do you plan to do? Continue to stand here arguing with us?

Hoshino:	…Let’s go back, everyone.

Serika:	Hoshino?!

Hoshino:	We can’t fight them here. That’s what they want.

Kaiser D:	Wise decision, Vice President.
	Now I remember. Your president wasn’t as bright as you, was she? Haha.

Hoshino:	…

Kaiser D:	I’ll be looking forward to next month’s payment.
	Hahaha!
	Feels good to laugh like that. Now, please show our guests to the entrance.

Hoshino:	…

[TO BE CONTINUED]




Episode 12 - Secrets

Summary: “After sending her enraged underclassmen home, Hoshino reveals to Sensei the secret deal she was offered by the man in the black suit. Sensei tries to console her, but the next day finds no trace of Hoshino, save for her resignation letter.”

(Black screen)

???:	Ta-da!
	Look, Hoshino! I was finally able to get my hands on this old Abydos Desert Festival poster!
	The oasis used to be as big as a lake! Here, you can have it as a souvenir!
	Isn’t it awesome? People might start coming back here again with a miracle. Wouldn’t that be something?

Hoshino:	Miracles don’t exist.
	Something like that isn’t going to happen!

???:	O-Ow…

Hoshino:	Why would people visit a place in the middle of a desert?! Stop daydreaming!

???:	S-Sorry, Hoshino… I feel like such an idiot.

Hoshino:	…!
	Miracles, luck, fortune…
	You’re the president of Abydos’ Student Council! You need to take your position more seriously!

*rip* *riiip* *riiiiiiiip* (Ripping paper)


Foreclosure Task Force Room

Hoshino:	…

Serika:	Seriously! What the hell are we gonna do?!

Shiroko:	Just what is the Kaiser Corporation up to out there?

Nonomi:	I think they’re excavating something! But what…?

Ayane:	That can’t be right. There’s nothing but desert out there.
	No oil, no underground resources—nothing. There was a survey done years ago.

Nonomi:	Then why go through the trouble of seizing the land?

Serika:	It doesn’t matter! What are we supposed to do about this debt? How are we supposed to pay the rest of it off in less than a month?!

Ayane:	Kaiser Loans has already sent a reminder and requested a deposit. We have to come up with 300 million yen by next week.

Shiroko:	I’m going. I need to find out what they’re doing out there.

Ayane:	You can’t be serious, Shiroko! Where are you going to go?
Shiroko:	To that PMC facility. I shouldn’t have any trouble infiltrating it if I’m thorough. I’ll get to the bottom of what they’re using it for.

Serika:	That’s only going to make things worse, Shiroko! we should be focusing on how to pay off the debt!

Shiroko:	…
	That debt isn’t going to be paid off by doing what we’ve been doing. Now’s the time for drastic measures.

Nonomi:	N-No! If you go off again…

Serika:		…Fine! If our backs are against the wall and the school really is doomed, then we have nothing to lose. I’m in!

Nonomi:	Huh?! N-Not you too!

Ayane:	Are you really going against Hoshino’s wishes, Serika?!

Serika:		It’s not like I want to. All I’m saying is…

Ayane:	This isn’t they way, Serika! Not to mention it’s illegal!

Serika:		I-I…

Shiroko:	…
Hoshino:	All right. I’ve heard enough.
	You’re going to go red in the face running around in circles like this.

Shiroko:	U-Um…

Serika:		…

Nonomi:	…

Ayane:	You’re right. I’m sorry.

Shiroko:	I didn’t mean to get so desperate. My bad.

Hoshino:	Don’t worry about it. I couldn’t stay mad at you, Shiroko.

Shiroko:	…

Hoshino:	Come on. Let’s call it a day.
	We’re done here! Let’s cool our heads and meet up again tomorrow. Consider that president’s orders.

Sensei:	[“Good call. Let’s come back fresh tomorrow.”]
*fade to back*



(The other club members head home one by one until only Hoshino and Shiroko are left.)

Hoshino:	What’s up Shiroko? Not going home?

Shiroko:	Do you have a moment?

Hoshino:	Sure. Is there something you wanted to say to me?

Sensei:	[“I’m here too.”]

Hoshino:	Oh. you too, Sensei?
	But I’m so beat from today. A lot happened.
	Can it wait until tomorrow? I think I already know what this is about.

Shiroko:	O-Oh, okay. Got it.
	Sensei?

Sensei:	[Nod.]

Shiroko:	In that case…
	(Shiroko disappears)

Hoshino:	Well, well, Sensei. When did you and sweet little Shiroko become close enough to understand each other just through eye contact?
	An old-timer like me should have known better than to underestimate you.

Sensei:	(Approaches Hoshino)
[“Be honest with me, Hoshino.”]

Hoshino:	Hmm? About what?

Sensei:	[Show Hoshino’s resignation letter.]

Hoshino:	(Shakes a bit)
	Oh. Isn’t this…?
	Ack! When did you…?! Wait, this is Shiroko’s doing, right?
	I can’t believe you’d betray me, Shiroko. You can’t go digging through your president’s bag!
	And you, Sensei! Shiroko’s sure to become a supervillain when she’s your age if you keep advocating the cool crime of stealing

Sensei:	[“I’ll have a talk with her later.”]
[“You’re the one I want to talk to right now.”]

Hoshino:	…
	So that’s how it’s going to be.

Sensei:	[“Talk to me. There’s something you haven’t told anyone, isn’t there?”]


Hoshino:	…
	You’ve really got me by the short ones, huh?
	*sigh* Fine.
	(She takes a step back)
	Mind going on a walk with me, Sensei?

Sensei:	[Step outside the classroom with Hoshino.]






Hoshino:	*cough* *cough* The sand’s pilling up here too.
	There aren’t enough of us to keep a building this big clean.
	If only the sandstorms would calm down.
	Pretty messed up, huh? All these school years under my belt, but each of them was buried in sand.

Sensei:	[“You really like this school, don’t you?”]

Hoshino:	What makes you think that?
	I heard this was a big, prestigious school before desertification, but my memory isn’t what it used to be.
	All I can remember is the school being a mess where nothing ever worked out.
	The school I first walked into all those years ago is now buried under sand, and all of the upperclassmen I looked up to are long gone.
	This isn’t even the school’s main building. It’s just an annex that we ran to after every other building was lost to desertification.
	Then again, I wouldn’t have met Shiroko, Nonomi, Ayane and Serika had I not come here.
	*sigh*
	Heh. I guess I am somewhat attached.

Sensei:	[“...”]

Hoshino:	Can I be honest with you, Sensei?
	I’ve been receiving offers from some weird people for two years now.

Sensei:	[“Offers?”]

Hoshino:	The Kaiser Corporation.
	I guess you could call it headhunting. They’ve contacted me multiple times since I came to Abydos.
	Recently too…



Black Suit:	I’m going to make you an offer you can’t refuse.
	Half of Abydos’ debt will instantly be forgiven if you agree to drop out of school and join the corporation I manage.
	Heh heh heh. so, do we have a deal? Yes? Then go ahead and sign here.


Hoshino:	No. My answer isn’t going to change. I’m not doing that.

Black Suit:	…



Hoshino:	Their offer was too good to be true, but I kept refusing. I knew that if I left, Abydos would fall for good…
	I think they’re recruiting people for their PMC.

Sensei:	[“Who was he?”]

Hoshino:	I don’t know either… I just call him Black Suit.

Sensei:	[“Black Suit…”]

Hoshino:	Something about him gives me the creeps. I’ve never seen anyone who looks like that in Kivotos.
	But as suspicious as he looked, he didn’t actually cause any trouble.
	One thing’s for sure—even the Kaiser director is afraid of him.

Sensei:	[“And this resignation letter?”]




Hoshino:	…Oh.
	It’s not like I haven’t had my doubts all this time. You could say that letter is proof of that.
	Let me see that. I’ll throw it out.
	Heh. See? Now it’s in the trash.
	I get that you all had your suspicions. I didn’t want to drag up ancient history, as if that would do us any good.
	But they are my underclassmen, and I do owe it to them. I’ll tell them the whole thing tomorrow.
	It’s not exactly a happy story, but I know I shouldn’t be keeping secrets from them.
	I have no idea how to go about this…

Sensei:	[“I’m sure there’s a way.”]

Hoshino:	…
	Maybe. Anything can happen…even miracles.
	…
	All right. We’ve talked about this long enough.
	See you tomorrow, Sensei.
	Bye.

*fade to black*

Sensei:	[“Hoshino!”]

Hoshino:	Y-Yeah?

Sensei:	[“You know you can rely on me, right? I’m sure there’s a way!”]

Hoshino:	…
	Heh. Did I look that discouraged?
	(...)
	(Approaches Sensei)
	Okay, Sensei. Thanks.

*fade to black*



Foreclosure Task Force Room

(The next day.)

Ayane:	*sigh* Sorry, I’m here.
	Oh, am I the first one to arrive?
	Huh?
	I-Is this…?
	…
	Aaaaaaaahhh!



(On the desk was Hoshino’s club resignation, an academy dropout notice, and a letter.)

[TO BE CONTINUED]









Episode 13 - What Slipped Through the Cracks

Summary: “In her letter, Hoshino reveals that she joined Kaiser PMC in exchange for Abydos High School’s debt being forgiven. Now, without Hoshino, the remaining members of the Foreclosure Task Force scramble when PMC forces close in on Abydos High School.”

Hoshino:	(Letter) To the Abydos Foreclosure Task Force,
	Forgive me for doing this with a letter. It felt more old-fashioned this way, which suits me perfectly.
	There’s something I’ve been keeping from you.
	A recruiter has been coming after me for a while now.
	Become a Kaiser PMC mercenary for life in exchange for Abydos’ debt being paid off. That’s the long and short of the terms.
	Not too bad a deal, eh? They must value the skills of a wily old veteran like me.
	I’ll take care of the debt somehow. Maybe not all of it, but I should be able to lighten the burden on you guys.
	I know I talked a big game at the black market. I’m sorry I couldn’t keep my word.



*scribbles*

Hoshino:	Is that all you need?

Black Suit:	Yes. We have your signature on the contract, Miss Hoshino.
	All of your rights as a student have been transferred to us.
	With this, most of Abydos’ debt is now considered settled.



Hoshino:	And the Foreclosure Task Force will be fine.
	I’ll have to leave Abydos and Kivotos altogether, but it doesn’t matter.
	This is what I get for being a stubborn old mule.
	Let me take responsibility…
	…as the final member of Abydos’ last Student Council.
	So this is goodbye.
	To Sensei,
	To be honest, I’ve never liked adults. I didn’t think they could be trusted.
	Ever since I heard about Shiroko having to carry you on her back, I couldn’t help but think. “Damn. They must be useless.” Heh. Am I wrong?
	But in the end, you turned out to be… Well, you know. Besides, some things are better left unsaid, aren’t they?
	Sensei.
	I know it’s selfish to ask, but there’s a request I’d like to make. Shiroko is a good girl at heart, but she can be a loose cannon if you take your eyes off her.
	So if she stumbles, I want you to be there to catch her. Okay?
	Please.


PMC SOLD:	Come on. Get in the car.

Hoshino:	Where are we headed?

PMC SOLD:	The Abydos Desert.

*Car sounds*



Hoshino:	To all of you,
	Please look after our school.
	It’s just a desert now, but this is the only place left that has any meaning for me.
	Also, if we ever end up facing each other as enemies…
	…don’t hesitate to destroy my halo.
	Please.

Serika:	HOSHINO!



Serika:	Wh-What the hell?! After talking all high and mighty?! She’s the one giving up just because the going got tough!
	Does she think I’ll let her get away with this?

Shiroko:	We have to think about where Hoshino is. Rescuing her is our top priority.
	I’ll go by myself if I have to. In fact, if the task force won’t allow it, then…

Ayane:	Everyone, be quiet! Now’s not the time to fight amongst ourselves.

*boooooooom*

Serika:	Wh-Wha…?!

Shiroko:	What was that?! It sounded like an explosion!

Ayane:	Close by too. It must be…
	…
	What the…?!


*boooooooom* (Dust covers the air)

PMC SOLD:	Advance.

PMC SOLD:	Advance.

A.Citizen A:	A-Aaah!

A.Citizen B:	Run!

PMC SOLD:	An eviction order has been issued to this district.

Kaiser D:	Hahaha.
	At last—at long last, the final condition has been met.
	The last of the Student Council has dropped out, which means Abydos is no more!
	All that’s left is for Kaiser to annex the district!
	Capture the Abydos High School!



Ayane:	Hundreds of PMC troops are approaching!

Serika:	What’s happening?! Why is Kaiser attacking us?! I don’t understand…

Nonomi:	We have to stop them! It doesn’t matter what their intentions are. We can’t let them just assault Abydos.

Shiroko:	Nonomi is right. Now isn’t the time to think about it. We need to move. Now!

Ayane:	B-But there are too many of them! We can’t fight an army this size all by ourselves!
	Besides, they’re attacking anything and everything. We should focus on evacuating whoever is left in the city!
	(Thinking) The fighting is out of control… Again… What do we?

*Screen shakes and shooting starts*

PMC SOLD:	Foreclosure Task Force spotted! This way!
	(The soldier is shot)
	Guh?!

Shiroko:	Enemy scout. They’re already here.

Ayane:	Multiple Kaiser PMC scouts have been sighted near campus! They’re already inside!

Serika:	First, we have to take care of the enemies in the school! We’re counting on you, Ayane!
Ayane:	Got it! We’ll engage the enemies infiltrating the school. Keeping Sensei safe is our top priority!
	We’ll evacuate the citizens once the school is secure!



[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC Soldiers & Military Forces*

[TO BE CONTINUED]









Episode 14 - The Abydos Siege Part 1

Summary: “After joining up with Kaiser PMC, Hoshino defects when she learns that Abydos High School is under attack, but is then arrested by Black Suit. When all hope seems lost, Problem Solver 68 returns to Abydos to lend their aid to the Foreclosure Task Force.”



*Soldiers are shot*

Serika:	Back off! Unless you’ve got a death wish!

Nonomi:	…

Shiroko:	…

Ayane:	(Through hologram) Kaiser Director’s location confirmed!

Kaiser D:	My, my. Have you really come all this way to greet me? You saved me the trouble of visiting your school myself.

Nonomi:	What is the meaning of this? A corporation attacking a city? You have no right—regardless of how much of it you own!

Ayane:	More importantly, the school building is still Abydos property! You’re breaking the law, and the General Student Council won’t overlook this!
Shiroko:	Where is Hoshino? Was you recruiting her all a lie?

Serika:	Give Hoshino back, you bastards!

Kaiser D:	Ha. Haha.
	The General Student Council? How amusing.
	How many times have you petitioned for the General Student Council’s help? How many of those prayers have gone unanswered?

Ayane:	…

Kaiser D:	All of them. There is nothing the General Student Council can do.
	For that matter, has anyone else ever given you their aid? The other academies, perhaps? I doubt it.
	You have always been on your own.

Shiroko:	…

Serika:	…

Nonomi:	…

Ayane:	…

Kaiser D:	Takanashi Hoshino, the final member of the Abydos Student Council, has dropped out. That means that your student council no longer exists.
	You are nothing now.

Shiroko:	…!

Ayane:	…!

Kaiser D:	Because Abydos no longer has any official clubs, no Student Council, or even a district of its own, it has been deemed unsustainable as an academy town.
	Which is why, as owner of this district, the Kaiser Corporation will assume control of the academy.
	How does the Kaiser Training Academy sound? It’s a fitting name for the new school.

Ayane:	…!

Serika:	Wh-What are you talking about?
	That’s nonsense! Even if the student council is disbanded, Abydos still has the Foreclosure Task Force! We’re right here!

Ayane:	This can’t be happening…

Serika:	Ayane?
Ayane:	The Foreclosure Task Force isn’t an authorized club.

Serika:	What?!

Ayane:	The Student Council was long gone by the time it was created.

Serika:	What do you mean?!

Kaiser D:	She is correct. Unauthorized clubs don’t appear in official documents. You lot may as well be nothing but ghosts.
	Look on the bright side. Now you’re finally free from all the tedious debt.

*Fade to black. The background doesn’t change. It stays black*

*Chain rustling sounds*

Hoshino:	What are you doing?! This wasn’t the deal!
	Why are you attacking Abydos?! Why?!

*Prison cell closing sound*






Black Suit:	…
	You’re mistaken, Hoshino. I kept my word.
	The debt has been settled, exactly as promised.
	However, now that you’ve dropped out, Abydos no longer has an official Student Council. How unfortunate.

Hoshino:	…!

Black Suit:	Why do you think we supported this tacky company and its little real estate scam?
	Taking Kivotos’ land will only create more lawless districts like that of the black market.
	There are too many places like that in Kivotos for anyone to care.
	But…what if a new academy, owned by a corporation, were to be founded in Abydos’ place?
	What sort of changes would we see in Kivotos?

Hoshino:	…!

Black Suit:	Bear in mind that has always been secondary to us.
	You have been our prime objective from the very beginning.
	Having you sign that contract, coercing you into signing away all your rights…
	We only worked with Kaiser because our interests happen to align.
	A lifelong contract with Kaiser PMC? I don’t recall saying such a thing. My apologies if you misunderstood.
	I didn’t claim the most promising Mystic in Kivotos just to waste her on something like that.
	My objective is to study, analyze, and understand Takanashi Hoshino. You, in other words, are our guinea pig.
	And this is the experiment we’ll be running.
	So don’t be so glum.



Hoshino:	Now I get it.
	All this time…
	…I was being manipulated by adults yet again.
	…
	I’m sorry, everyone. This is my fault.
	Shiroko. Nonomi. Serika. Ayane.
	Yume…
	…
	I’m sorry.
	…
	I…

*Fade to black*

Hoshino:	…
	Sensei…



Ayane:	…

Nonomi:	But that would mean all the hard work we’ve done…

Kaiser D:	Hmm? Surely you aren’t serious.
	You actually intended to work for hundreds of years to pay off that debt?
	You can’t possibly be this deluded.
Serika:	…!

Kaiser D:	Why did you remain here for so long? For what purpose?

Serika:	Shut your mouth before I shut it for you…

Shiroko:	We’re fighting back.

Nonomi:	But…

Ayane:	Even if we fight…what difference will it make?

Serika:	Ayane?!




Ayane:	A large number of troops are advancing this way as we speak.
	Even if we fight and somehow win, then what? What are we supposed to do after that?
	We’ll have nothing left to fight for if the school is shut down. And even if we get the school back somehow, it won’t erase our debt…

Nonomi:	You can’t be serious, Ayane.

Shiroko:	Ayane…

Ayane:	The land that’s already been sold isn’t coming back. What can an unofficial club like ours hope to do without Hoshino or the Student Council?
	What can we possibly do?
	Why…?
	Why are we all alone? Hoshino…

Serika:	Oh, Ayane…

Shiroko:	…

Nonomi:	…

*booooooom*

Ayane:	…?!

PMC SOLD:	What?! Massive explosion detected to the north!

PMC SOLD:	Bravo Squad was caught in the blast on their way in. They’re not responding!

Kaiser D:	What?!

*BOOM*

PMC SOLD:	Mike Squad was hit in the east! Massive C4 explosion detected!

Kaiser D:	What’s happening? The only people in that area should be Abydos residents!

*A shadow appears in the distance*

???:	What are you idiots doing?

Ayane:	…?!

*More shadows appear*

???:	And eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Forsake mercy and walk the path of chaos.
*The shadows are revealed and omg it’s Problem Solver 68. The audience claps*

Aru:	Wasn’t that the Masked Mizugi Gang’s motto?
	What are all of you doing here?!
	There’s no finish line in sight, you can’t find a way to get there, and everything you do is failure after failure.
	No one sees how hard you struggle, and the only things waiting for you are more hardships and rough days ahead…
	(close-up to Aru)
	But who cares?!

Ayane:	Huh…?

Aru:	Are you really going to let something like that get in the way of rescuing your friend?!
	You all are even stupider than you look!

Mutsuki:	Sheets, Aru, lighten up a little. Little Miss Four-Eyes is the neurotic type. She can’t help it.

Ayane:	Huh?!

Mutsuki:	Haha! But making my adorable Little Miss Four-Eyes cry is a pretty serious crime. Which is why…
	…I’m gonna rip these guys apart!

Haruka:	Heh heh heh. I’m ready when you are, Aru. We still have plenty of bombs left…



Kayoko:	*sigh* I only came back for more ramen. Why are we getting dragged into this?
	Our last explosives cut off enemy reinforcements. Now we can neutralize their commander to break the chain of command.
	Their soldiers will be completely disorganized. It’s the same tactic we had planned for the Prefect Team.

Aru:	Very well. Let’s show them how real outlaws fight.
	Light it up, Haruka.

Haruka:	*click*

*booooooom*

*booooooom*

*kabooooooom* (Dust everywhere)

Ayane:	What in the world?!

Aru:	Back us up, Sensei!
	Let’s show the Foreclosure Idiot Force what it means to be hard-boiled!

Sensei:	[“Go, Problem Solver 68!”]

[Battle]

*Problem Solver 68 VS PMC Soldiers and Automatons*

[TO BE CONTINUED]
































Episode 15 - The Abydos Siege Part 2

Part 1
Summary: “Despite the Kaiser director’s outrage, Sensei, the Foreclosure Task Force, and Problem Solver make use of the sudden turn of events to launch a counteroffensive against the PMC forces.”

Kaiser D:	A-Aargh! 
	You dare bite at the hand that feeds you?!

Aru:	Shut up! What makes you think we ever want to work with you?! Sensei treats us way better than you losers ever did!

Mutsuki:	Haha! What kind of villains would we be if we didn’t stab our employers in the back? You should’ve seen this coming!

Ayane:	Problem Solver…

Shiroko:	They have a point.

Nonomi:	Aru’s pep talk was true too. That was just what we needed. We can’t be wasting our time here.

Serika:	Right! Hoshino needs us!
	Who cares if we’re unauthorized or whatever? Whether we’re above board or not, if we don’t rescue Hoshino, then…

Shiroko:	That’s right. Saving her is our top priority. Nothing else matters.

Kaiser D:	You! It’s useless to resist! How dare you…?!

Sensei:	[“You kidnapped one of my students.”]

Kaiser D:	…!

Sensei:	[“Nothing is going to stop me from rescuing Hoshino.”]

Kaiser D:	Don’t be ridiculous! You’re just a teacher! You don’t have the right to…

*Abydos and PS68 unite to look at the Kaiser Director with anger*
*Aru is confused, Kayoko sighs, Ayako angy*
*Kaiser Director closeup and fade to black*

[Battle]

*Problem Solver 68 & Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC Soldiers and Automatons*
Part 2
Summary: “The PMC forces finally retreat following an arduous battle. Later, Sensei seeks out Black Suit personally to negotiate Hoshino’s return.”

PMC SOLD:	Director, your wound! You need to be treated immediately!

Kaiser D:	U-Ugh! I’m pulling out! Reorganize our forces!

PMC SOLD:	Yes, sir!

Kaiser D:	You…! You’ll pay dearly for this!

PMC SOLD:	…!

PMC SOLD:	HQ has given the order to retreat.
	I repeat. HQ has given the order to retreat.

PMC SOLD:	Maintain the line and return to HQ.

Ayane:	They’re falling back…

Nonomi:	…

Shiroko:	…

Serika:	…

Mutsuki:	Whoa. Now THAT is what third-rate goons sound like.

Kayoko:	Exactly as planned. Hopefully, the Prefect Team took care of their business.

Sensei:	[“Should we head back for now?”]

Ayane:	Yes, we should.
	The battles have only just begun. We can expect harder fights ahead.
	Let’s regroup and think of as plan to rescue Hoshino.

*fade to black*


Somewhere in Kivotos

Sensei:	[Go inside.]


Black Suit:	I’ve been waiting for you, Sensei.
	I’d like to have a word with you, face-to-face.
	…

[TO BE CONTINUED]









































Episode 16 - Battle Between Adults

Summary: “Black Suit attempts to coerce with Sensei into giving Hoshino up for his experiments, but Sensei makes it perfectly clear that Hoshino will be rescued—no matter what.”



Black Suit:	We know who you are. An enigmatic individual chosen by the General Student Council president.
	Owner of the artifact known as the Shittim Chest. The sensei of Schale, the Federal Investigation Club.
	Others tend to underestimate you, but we won’t make the same mistake.
	First, let me make something clear.
	We have no interest in a conflict with you.
	In fact, we want to work with you…
	…because otherwise, you represent the largest obstacle to our plans.
	Wiping out an insignificant school like Abydos is child’s play. However, we’d rather avoid the consequence of starting a war with you in the process.

Sensei:	[“Who are you people?”]

Black Suit:	Oh, dear. Have we not introduced ourselves?
	We are outsiders to Kivotos, the same as you… Ah, but that doesn’t mean we came from the same place.

*Close-up to Black Suit*
Black Suit:	For the time being, we’ve found a suitable name to borrow. Please call us Gematria.
	And I’m fine with going by “Black Suit,” Sensei. I’ve grown quite fond of that name.
	We, Gematria, are…observers, explorers, and researchers.
	You could say that we’re enigmatic beings, much like yourself.
	So allow me to formally ask. Do you have any interest in working with Us? Gematria?

Sensei:	[“No.”]
		[“Never.”]

Black Suit:	…
	Then let me ask you this: What is it that you are pursuing in Kivotos? We can elucidate all manner of secrets and truths should you accept our proposal.

Sensei:	[“Not interested.”]
		[“All I want is to take Hoshino back.”]

Black Suit:	Ha. Haha.
	Do you believe your behavior to be justified, Sensei? That you’re in the right? And you wish Hoshino to be released as well?
	Hoshino is no longer a student of Abydos. Have you not read her disenrollment papers?

Sensei:	[“Hoshino never dropped out of school.”]

Black Suit:	Hmm?



Sensei:	[“See? I’m her club advisor and I never signed that document.”]
Black Suit:	…



Sensei:	[“That means she’s still part of the Foreclosure Task Force.”]

Sensei:	[“She is still vice president of the Abydos Student Council.”]

Sensei:	[“And Hoshino still is and will forever be one of my students.”]

Black Suit:	I see.
	You’re their teacher. Major changes in your students’ lives must have your approval.
	The logic is easy to understand.
	Academies and their students… Teachers… Hmm. How bothersome.

Sensei:	[“You deceived children, trampled on their hearts, and took advantage of their suffering”]

Black Suit:	Indeed. We have used the misfortune of others as stepping stones for our benefit.
	I won’t deny that. What we’ve done can be construed as evil.
	(fade to black)
	Evil, but within our right.
	(back to the close-up)
	Don’t be mistaken, Sensei.
	The disaster that struck Abydos was not our doing.


Black Suit:	The sandstorms that struck the school were unusual, but not outside the realm of possibility. Such is the nature of natural disaster.
	We merely took advantage of the opportunity.


Black Suit:	Imagine providing water to someone dying of thirst in a desert. Would it not be fair to expect that person to repay you with their life?
	This is no different.
	Such stories are commonplace. What we’re doing is not unprecedented, nor can be held accountable.
	We’re not responsible for these natural disasters, and they certainly wouldn’t disappear even if we left.
	Those with power exploit those without. Those with knowledge exploit those without.
	Every adult knows that to be true. Isn’t that right?
	So walk away from Abydos, Sensei.
	Give up Hoshino, and the school will be spared.
	Kaiser PMC’s forces present no challenge for us.
	Your students can continue attending Abydos to the best of their meager abilities.
	Isn’t that what Hoshino wanted? What do you say?

Sensei:	[Refuse.]

Black Suit:	Why?
	Why are you so desperate to stand in our way? You are powerless!
	How do you plan to fight us?!

Sensei:	[Take out your credit card.]

Black Suit:	…
	An interesting weapon of choice, Sensei.
	I’ve never concerned myself with such quotidian matters, but I understand the rules to its system.
	The more you use it, the more it eats away at your life and time.	
	Is that what you want?
	Put your card away, Sensei. You have your own life to live.	
	You need to eat, ride the subway, pay rent, and deal with trivial, mundane things like that.
	In fact, that’s all we ask of you. Live your life and take care of your responsibilities. Any one of those matters much more than the struggles of these children.
	So just leave it be.
	None of this concerns you.

Sensei:	[Refuse.]

Black Suit:	Why…? Why? Why Why? Why?! WHY?! 
	I don’t understand. Why? I can’t fathom it. Why would you refuse?
	Why, Sensei? For what?

*fade to back*



*fade back*

Sensei:	[“Because no one else is willing to take responsibility and help these suffering girls.”]

Black Suit:	You can’t be serious.
	So you’re going to offer to? You’re not their guardian or their family.
	you’re a stranger. You wandered into Abydos on business that happened to lead to you meeting those children.
	Why on earth would you go through so much trouble? Why put the onus on yourself.

Sensei:	[“Because it’s the responsible thing to do.”]

Black Suit:	…
	Oh. Now I understand.
	You’re saying that an adult is someone who takes responsibility.
	No, Sensei. That’s where you’re wrong.
	Adults are the ones who transform society, set rules and laws, designate the norm, and define the boundary between ordinary and extraordinary.
	Adults rule the aimless with authority, the ignorant with knowledge, and the weak with power. That is what it means to be an adult.
	Someone like you.
	You could have ruled over all of Kivotos.
	You had it all for a brief moment: unfathomable power and authority over this city, its Mystics…
	Yet you threw it all away without a moment’s hesitation.
	I don’t understand.
	Tell me—why make such a choice? Truth, influence, riches, power… Your choice left you with none of those. So why?!

 

Sensei:	[“Even if I told you, you would never understand.”]


Black Suit:	…
	Very well. These negotiations are over.
	I did like you, but you’ve left me with no choice.
	Do you wish to save Hoshino, Sensei?



Black Suit:	She’s being held in the lab of the PMC base at the center of the Abydos Desert.
	Mimesis has shown us the dark side of what a Mystic is capable of: terror. Now we shall see if the same is true of a living student through experiment.
	Hoshino is our guinea pig to use however we want.
	And if she doesn’t produce results, we’ll move on to the wolf god. Though even that doesn’t seem to be a feasible option at this point.
	Rescue your kidnapped student…
	…if you can.


Black Suit:	…
	Sensei.
	Gematria will be keeping an eye on you from now on.

Sensei:	[Return.]



Shiroko:	Welcome back, Sensei.

Nonomi:	Hey! There you are.

Serika:	Sensei!

Ayane:	We’re ready.

Shiroko:	We’ve been waiting for your decision.
	What’s our next move…?

Sensei:	[“We save Hoshino.”]
	[“We rescue Hoshino.”]
	[“We WILL save Hoshino.”]

Shiroko:	Agreed. We’re with you, Sensei.

Sensei:	[“We won’t stop until we bring her home.”]

Ayane:	Yes! Understood.

Sensei:	[“And then we’re going to give her a piece of our minds!”]

Nonomi:	That’s right! She went back on her word and needs to be taught a lesson! A super scary lesson!

Sensei:	[“After we save Hoshino, we’ll tell her, ‘Welcome back’, and she’ll say. ‘I’m home!’”]

Serika:	Uh…
	What?!
	That’s so corny and cliche! Are you TRYING to make me cringe?!

Shiroko:	No, I’ll do it.

Serika:	You will?!

Nonomi:	I’ll do it too! You don’t have to join, Serika. More for the rest of us.

Serika:	Are you serious?!

Ayane:	I-I’ll have to consider it…but it does seem like the appropriate thing to do.

Serika:	Help yourselves! I have too much dignity to stoop that low!

Ayane:	Haha. Then it’s settled. Let’s prepare for battle…

Shiroko:	But how do we defeat that army on our own?
	Is there anyone we can call for backup?

Serika:	What about Problem Solver?

Nonomi:	They did help us earlier, but they took off after that. I don’t know if we can ask them for another favor.

Serika:	Why not?! Think of all the trouble they caused us!

Sensei:	[“I have an idea.”]

Ayane:	Huh? What is it, Sensei?
	Hmm?

[TO BE CONTINUED]




Episode 17 - That Which One Must Protect

Part 1
Summary: “Sensei goes to Gehenna Academy and Trinity General School to enlist their help. Meanwhile, Problem Solver 68 are treated to ramen at Master Shiba Seki’s newly opened stall and make up their minds to help the Foreclosure Task Force.”


Gehenna Academy Main Gate

Iori:	You want a meeting with the head prefect? You think you can just waltz in here and hat with the Gehenna head prefect?
	I’ll tell you what. Maybe if you got on all fours and kissed my shoes…
	(The screen approaches Iori’s shoes at an incredible speed and then goes black)
	Ahhh!
	I didn’t even finish my sentence. Seriously?
	Do you have even the slightest trace of human dignity?

Sensei:	[“I don’t know what that word means.”]
	[“I used to, but not anymore.”]

Iori:	And you call yourself a teacher! You’re demented!
	Are you some kind of pervert?!

Hina:	Why are you all being so noisy?

Iori:	P-President…?


Hina:	I’ve seen plenty of people fall to their knees and grovel for their lives…but I’ve never seen a teacher do the same for a student.
	Raise your head, Sensei.
	Tell me. What do you need from me?

Iori:	Wait, President. This teacher wasn’t just kneeling, but kissing my…

Hina:	…
	…?!

*Fade to black*



Nagisa:	…
	I see. Thank you for explaining, Hifumi.
	If what that teacher says is true, then this is something we can’t overlook.
	We’re currently in the process of forming a treaty, so we’re in no position to be reckless.
	However, it’s evident the PMC’s presence can lead to nothing good for our students.
	Therefore, I think it best what we make an exception in this case.
Hifumi:	O-Of course, Nagisa.

Nagisa:	I believe the towed artillery class has an outdoor lecture planned, correct? It’s been a while since their last one, so I don’t see any harm in a little live practice.
	The weather is so nice. It’ll be like a picnic.

Hifumi:	By towed artillery…do you mean the L118?

Nagisa:	I say why not? It’s the least I can provide for a model student such as yourself, Hifumi.	
	What goes around comes around. And I know you’ll pay me back, won’t you?

Hifumi:	Ngghh…

Nagisa:	More importantly, it would be to our benefit to have Schale’s sensei in our debt.



*rattle* *rattle*

M. Shiba:	Mmm. It’s just about ready.

Mutsuki:	Wow, nice food stall!

M. Shiba:	Shiba Seki Ramen actually got its start as a food stall.

Haruka:	I-It’s all my fault it was… How can I ever pay for my sins? I don’t deserve to live!

Mutsuki:	Calm down. Anyway, we heard you were closing down shop, so it’s nice to see you’re making a comeback.

M. Shiba:	It wouldn’t have been possible had someone not left a large donation in front of my door.

Aru:	…

M. Shiba:	I was going to retire and live on easy street, but I guess they really wanted me to go back into business and work for a living. Inconsiderate if you ask me.

Aru:	…

*fade to black*



M. Shiba:	Here, four bowls of Shiba Seki ramen. That’ll be 580 yen each.

Kayoko:	Aren’t you spoiling us again?

Mutsuki:	Haha! Don’t ask questions and just eat!

Everyone:	Bottoms up!
*fade to black*

Mutsuki:	Ah… That was good. All right. Should we roll out?

Kayoko:	By the way, Boss…are we really going?
	Fighting the PMC is a waste of time. We don’t have anything to gain from getting involved with this fight.

Aru:	Hmph.

Mutsuki:	C’mon, Kayoko. You still don’t get it?

Kayoko:	Huh?

Mutsuki:	Can’t you tell by the look on Aru’s face? She’s saying, “Tasting ramen this good is the only compensation I need!”.

Kayoko:	…

Mutsuki:	…

Haruka:	N-Now I understand, Aru! Stepping into hell itself to protect the ramen we love! That’s what real outlaws would do!
	I-I’ll do my best to become a true outlaw! I’ll wipe them all out!

Aru:	Then we’re all in agreement.
	Are all of you ready to follow me to the depths of hell?

Mutsuki:	Heh heh…

Aru:	(Wh-What am I talking about?!)
	(I was just gonna go home after I was done with my ramen!)
	(I screwed up and never corrected them! Now I’m stuck here!)
	(What if I ran away…? Wait. No…)
	(Those Abydos morons thanked me for breaking them out of their funk. They probably see me as a better person now.)
	(What should I do? We’ll be fighting a PMC, not market guards. There’s no way this won’t go wrong!)
	(What do I do?! What do I do?!)

Mutsuki:	All right, Aru! Let’s go!

Haruka:	I-I’ll follow you to hell and back!

Kayoko:	*sigh* This can’t be good for business.



Shiroko:	That should do it. We’re ready.

Nonomi:	Yep! We’ve got lots of supplies and lots of snacks.

Serika:	We’re well-rested and working on full stomachs too!

Ayane:	I also collected all the old maps of the Abydos Desert and updated them.
	Hoshino is in the center of Kaiser PMC District 51 according to Sensei’s intel.
	I’ll guide you through the safest route to get there!

Sensei:	[“Let’s go!”]

Ayane:	All right!
	Commencing Operation Rescue Hoshino!



M. Shiba:	That’s right.
	What’s broken can be rebuilt.
	What’s important are the people who come to eat my ramen.
	This ramen shop isn’t going anywhere so long as it has loyal customers. Not the most poetic way of putting it, but that’s what I feel deep down.
	So go get ‘em, Abydos Foreclosure Task Force!

[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC Soldiers and Automatons*













Part 2
Summary: “At Sensei’s behest, Hina and the Prefect Team come to the Foreclosure Task Force’s defense against the PMC forces.”



PMC SOLD:	The enemy has begun their attack!

Kaiser D:	Intercept them at once! Concentrate PMC forces there!
	Launch a pincer attack from the north and east! Send the Decagrammaton Defense battalion from the north!

PMC SOLD:	Yes, sir!
	What?! A small number of soldiers have been sighted to the north!

Kaiser D:	Impossible! Reinforcements from Abydos?!

PMC SOLD:	Negative! There are only three of them, but they’re…!


	
Hina:	…

Ako:	*Through hologram*
	I have eyes on Kaiser PMC’s reinforcements. Looks like a battalion, President.

Hina:	Got it. Get ready.

Iori:	*sigh* How did I end up here?

Chinatsu:	(Why was I dragged into this?)

Hina:	I have better things to be doing, so let’s get this over with quickly.

Ako:	This president granted us this opportunity in place of writing an apology letter. So let’s keep the complaints to a minimum.

Hina:	We’ll stop the enemy in their tracks. None of them will get near Sensei.
	Let’s go.

[TO BE CONTINUED]

Episode 18 - Never Letting Go Part 1

Summary: “The Foreclosure Task Force is fighting on multiple fronts when Hifumi arrives with reinforcements from Trinity in tow. Using the unexpected arrival as a distraction, the Foreclosure Task Force breaks through the enemy lines.”



Ayane:	(Through hologram) Is everyone all right?

Shiroko:	Yeah…

Serika:	I’m fine!

Ayane:	It should be straight ahead according to the coordinates Sensei provided. Hang in there, everyone.

Nonomi:	Yup, there’s not a scratch on me!

*Soldiers appear at the distance* 

Ayane:	…!
	The enemy is straight ahead!
	Approximately 2 kilometers away and closing. Get ready, everyone.

*boooooom* 

Ayane:	…!
	That sounded like…

Shiroko:	Fire support.

Ayane:	That’s the L118! Trinity’s famous howitzer! What’s it doing here…?

???:	Ugh. I’m here…

Serika	Oh! You’re Hifum-

Faust	N-No! I’m not Hifumi! I’m Faust!

Ayane:	…

Nonomi:	Well good to see you, Faust! It’s been a while. And I think your nickname is really cute! ☆

Faust	I guess it is. I did come up with it…
	The Tea Party gave me the nod to lend some fire support.
	Completely off the record with Trinity, by the way! Though the artillery unit knows what’s happening too…
	J-Just be thankful for what you’re getting, okay? I can’t promise I’ll be much help.

Shiroko:	Not at all. We appreciate it.

Nonomi:	Absolutely! Thanks for the support, Faust!

Faust	Y-You’re welcome. Anyway, good luck, everyone!

Shiroko:	Follow up attack after receiving supporting fire. That’s standard procedure.

Ayane:	Yes! The enemy is in a state of confusion ! Let’s take advantage!

[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC Soldiers and Automatons*

Summary: “When the Foreclosure Task Force arrives at Abydos High’s old main building, a Kaiser board member bars their way. However, Aru and Problem Solver 68 arrive in the nick of time.” 



Ayane:	You’ve arrived at the target coordinates.
	Hoshino is being held somewhere around here. Please look around carefully. She must be…

Shiroko:	…

Nonomi:	What is this place?

Serika:	Is it…a school?
	It’s in ruins, but it must be.

Shiroko:	A school in the middle of a desert. This has to be…

Kaiser D:	Correct. You’re standing before what was once the main building of Abydos High School.

Ayane:	…!

*Soldiers appear*

Shiroko:	…

Serika:	You…!

Kaiser D:	So you’ve finally arrived, Abydos Foreclosure Task Force.

*More soldiers appear behind the director*

Ayane:	Enemy reinforcements.
	They’ve mobilized all of their forces from the look of it.
	Kaiser PMC intends to start an all-out war here…!

Kaiser D:	Here stand the ruins of the Abydos High School, abandoned due to desertification. This was once the heart of the entire Abydos district.
	Whether you’re aware of its history or not, buried under this sand was once the largest and most influential academy in Kivotos.
	And it just so happens to be where Gematria requested we set up a lab.

Ayane:	A lab? Why here?!

Nonomi:	And where is Hoshino?!

Kaiser D:	The vice president is in the building behind us.
	I would suspect the experiment has already begun by now.

Shiroko:	…!

Kaiser D:	If you intend to take her back, you’ll have to go through us.

Ayane:	Be careful, everyone. They won’t go down without a fight.

Shiroko:	Then, I’ll take a care of th-

*baaaaaaaang*

Ayane:	Another explosion?! What’s going on this time?

*Problem Solver 68 appears from the explosion dust*

Mutsuki:	Ta-da! We’re here! ☆

Kayoko:	…

Haruka:	E-Excuse us!

Ayane:	I-Is that Problem Solver 68?!

Mutsuki:	We finally caught up to them, Aru! Looks like we might be interrupting something important. Anyone want to fill us in?

Aru:	I only wanted to lend a hand from the shadows, but you all looked like you were in a tight spot.
Serika:	What in the…?! What are you guys doing here?

Nonomi:	That’s pretty good timing on your part. Could this mean that you actually…?

Shiroko:	Now I get. They can’t hide how they feel.

Mutsuki:	Hey, what’s with those smirks?

Kayoko:	Do we really have to do this, Boss? They’re making my skin crawl…

Aru:	Heh. It helps that you’re quick on the uptake, Foreclosure Task Force. Isn’t it obvious why we’re here?
	*Close-up to Aru*
	Go. We can take care of things here. You need to save your friend!

Shiroko:	…!

Nonomi:	…!

Mutsuki:	…!

Kayoko:	*sigh*

Aru:	(M-Me and my big mouth!)

Mutsuki:	Oh, Aru. Keep that up and I’m going to fall head over heels for you.

Haruka:	G-Give me your orders, Aru! My life is yours!

Serika:	…Tch.
	You don’t even want my thanks, do you?
	So when this is all over…let’s just get some ramen together or something!

Nonomi:	Yup! We’ll be sure to treat you!

Shiroko:	Yeah, thanks.

Kayoko:	*sigh* I guess we’ve come too far to back out now.

Aru:	I-I got caught up in the heat of the moment! It’s not too late to back out now!

Mutsuki:	Don’t be like that, Aru! We’ve got no choice but to back it up after a cool line like that!
	*Close-up to Aru*
	Let’s tear ’em to pieces!

[TO BE CONTINUED]
Episode 19 - Never Letting Go Part 2

Part 1
Summary: “The Foreclosure Task Force pushes toward the bunker where Hoshino is being held captive.”

Ayane:	I’ve confirmed Hoshino’s location!
	Over there! She’s in that bunker!

Shiroko:	Over there…

Nonomi:	Let’s move!

*Kaiser director spawns from the sands*

Ayane:	I’ve confirmed Hoshino’s location!
	Over there! She’s in that bunker!
	It’s the Kaiser Director!

Shiroko:	Someone’s persistent.

Serika:	Seriously… How many more times are you gonna get in the way?!

Nonomi:	Please step aside or else…!

Kaiser D:	You’ve been a real thorn in my side, Foreclosure Task Force.
	No matter what I did to erase what remains of that school!
	No matter how much it decayed or how hopeless paying back that debt was! You refused to leave!
	I’ve tormented you in every conceivable way, yet you still spend your days laughing and smiling without a care in the world!
	It’s because of you that my plans are…!

Serika:	You were seriously trying to bully a bunch of girls into giving up on their school… How low can a slimeball like you get?!

Shiroko:	You’ve been manipulating all of us—especially Hoshino. That ends today.

Nonomi:	You said it! We’re not going to let someone like you have their way!

Ayane:	This is it, Sensei! We need you one last time!

[Battle]

*Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC*

Part 2
Summary: “After a long hard-fought battle, the Foreclosure Task Force finally brings Hoshino back to safety.”
???:	Hey. Hoshino.
	There’s something I want to say.
	I had to pinch my cheek to make sure I wasn’t dreaming when we first met.
	I couldn’t have been more thankful to have an underclassman that was so cute and reliable by my side.
	I’ve never had a way with words, but if I had to explain it…
	…I would say that spending time with you feels like a miracle.

Hoshino:	But we see each other every day.
	I saw you yesterday, I saw you today, and I’ll see you tomorrow too. What’s the big deal?

???:	I know that, but…

Hoshino:	Miracles are supposed to be incredible and rare, aren’t they?

???:	Well…no. Not always, Hoshino. That’s what I believe.
	There are a lot of things about life I don’t understand, but this I’m sure of.
	One day, Hoshino, you’re going to have cute underclassmen of your own. And when you do…


Hoshino:	…

*A loud explosion is heard at the distance*
???:	She should be on the other side!
	It’s not breaking. Try one more time…

*Another loud explosion*


???:	A-Ayane?! How did you…?
	I got on a helicopter on loan from Schale! Anyway, where’s Hoshino?
	Here! Help us get the door open!
	HAAAAAAAA!

*BANG* (Another loud explosion, now it breaks walls)

Hoshino:	(What’s going on…?)
	(I can move my body again. Am I dreaming…?)
	(I thought I could hear everyone’s voices. I must be dreaming.)
	(It sounded like…)

*Footsteps*

Hoshino:	(Have they always been like this?)
	(Dream or not, it’s good to… One last time…)

*clunk* (Metal door opening?)

*fade to white*

All:	HOSHINO!




Hoshino:	Huh…? But how?
	Why? I thought I was…

*fade to white*

Sensei:	[“Hoshino.”]



Hoshino:	…Oh.
	Now I get it. This must be Sensei’s doing.
	The adult came through after all. Heh.



Serika:	Welcome back, Hoshino.

Nonomi:	Hey, Serika beat me to it! After she got all embarrassed earlier and said she wasn’t gonna say it!

Serika:	Sh-Shut up! It doesn’t matter who says it first!

Shiroko:	We’re glad you’re okay.

Ayane:	Yes! Welcome back!

Nonomi:	That’s right! Welcome back!

Shiroko:	Welcome back, Hoshino.

Hoshino:	…Ahaha.
	…What? Why are all of you looking at me like that?
	Ohhh, now I get it. You want me to say the line, don’t you?

Serika:	Sh-Shut up! Don’t keep us in suspense!

Hoshino:	Hehee!
	I can’t refuse a favor from my adorable ones…
	













I’m home







































Episode 20 - Epilogue

Summary: “After the fact, Sensei received a letter from Ayane. Though the Foreclosure Task Force wasn’t able to pay off its debt in full, she thanks Sensei for preserving the group’s usual way of life.”



Ayane:	Good morning, Sensei!
	Today’s a big day for the Abydos Foreclosure Task Force.
	Thanks to your help, we’re finally going to be approved as an official Abydos High School club.
	This has been a long time coming and everyone’s worked so hard, so I wanted to make sure that everything went smoothly today.
	It also means the Foreclosure Task Force has officially taken over the role of the Student Council.
	I thought it would only be fitting that Hoshino become the official president too, but she adamantly refused…
	As things stand, the position is still vacant.

Serika:	Sh-Shut up! Don’t keep us in suspense!

Hoshino:	Hehee!
	I can’t refuse a favor from my adorable ones…



Serika:	Welcome to Shiba Seki Ramen!

Ayane:	Hehee!
	So it really is making a comeback as a food stall, huh?
	Business has been good, so Serika was able to get her old job back.
	The owner is working harder than ever. I suppose he won’t be retiring after all.



Ayane:	Your efforts were able to resolve the situation with Hoshino, but Abydos still has a 900 million yen debt. That hasn’t changed…
	The good news is Kaiser Loans is said to be under investigation by the General Student Council for making illegal transactions on the black market.
	Hifumi must have pulled some strings at Trinity.
	I’m skeptical that the General Student Council will be able to do much to Kaiser, but this should at least make them think twice about pulling any shady business deals.
	I heard that the PMC Director has a warrant out for this arrest for kidnapping a student after what happened.
	The head Kaiser office released a statement saying they had nothing to do with his actions and that the director had been fired. It figures a corporation that big would make him a scapegoat and sweep it under the rug.
	Luckily, they’re reversing course on that arbitrary interest rate from before, so Abydos won’t have to pay nearly as much as we thought.
	The director is on the run now, but capturing him will be difficult with how much the General Student Council has on their plate.



Ayane:	As for the Abydos’ district: most of it is still Kaiser Corporation property.
	In other words, the transaction between Abydos and Kaiser itself was valid.
	Still, we don’t know what if anything they plan to do with the property they have.



Ayane:	Oh, and I heard Problem Solver 68 opened up a new office somewhere.
	There are conflicting rumors about whether it’s in the Gehenna district or somewhere else, so I couldn’t really say.
	You can bet the Prefect Team is keeping a close eye on them to make sure they don’t cause any more trouble… It’ll be tough for them to shake the reputation of being a liability.



Ayane:	Then there’s that Black Suit person.
	I wasn’t able to dig up any info about him, even after everything you and Hoshino told me.
	All wrongdoings have been pinned on the Kaiser Director…and we don’t know Black Suit’s real identity
	I’m afraid that’s the best I can come up with, so I’ll let Schale look into it from here.


.
Ayane:	Everyone ready? It’s time for another Abydos Foreclosure Task Force meeting.
	Even after everything that happened, the debt remains our top priority.

Shiroko:	At least the monthly interest payments have gone down.

Hoshino:	Great. Less time to spend working, and more time to spend napping.

Nonomi:	I have a better idea! Why don’t we use this as an opportunity to go on a well-earned vacation?

Serika:	What are you talking about?! It may not be as hectic as before, but now’s not the time to be lazing around!

Ayane:	Serika…

Serika:	I’m the treasurer around here. We’re just as much an economic crisis as ever before!

Shiroko:	True…

Serika:	That’s why I’ve been keeping up with the latest economic trends!
	Look at this. Do you know what it is?

Ayane:	Some kind of computer part?

Serika:	It’s called a GPU! With one of these, we could mine a cryptocurrency called Scam Coin!
	Cryptocurrencies are like these, uh… Wh-What? Why are you all looking at me like that?

Shiroko:	I have a better idea. Here—take a look at this.

Hoshino:	Denied!

Ayane:	The same old Foreclosure Task Force.
	They say the more things change, the more they stay the same…but I think we’re closer than ever.
	Ahaha…
	That ends my report, Sensei. We look forward to working with you again soon.


[THE END]


