Eden Treaty - Our Stories Transcript
Transcribed first by Nel, then taken over by DMS405.

[Episode 1] Postmortem Pt.1
“In sensei’s dream, Seia poses a question about the truth of the world to her assailant. After waking from a short nap, Sensei hears the full story of the attack on Seia from Sakurako.”
*Cage sfx*
*The scene starts with Seia in a Dark Room*
*theme 73 starts playing*
???: 		Yurizono Seia?
Seia:		I’ve been waiting for you, Arius Satellite School’s Shirasu Azusa.
???:		You…were?
Seia:		Yes. Because all of this already came to me in a dream.
Seia:		It’s difficult to explain—precognitive. You can think of it like a ‘prophetic dream’.
Seia:	I have them often, dreams that become reality. As well as ones that are indistinguishable from reality.
???:	Does that mean you know what I’m going to do now?
Seia:	Yes. You’re here to destroy my halo.
Seia:	Others joined you on this mission, but you’re the only one who made it this far. You’re quite talented, Azusa.
???:	Then why didn’t you run away?
Seia:	If you must know…it’s because it would have been meaningless.
Seia:	Everything is in vain. Just as the wise saying Arius is so fond of goes. Struggling is meaningless to someone like me who can see the future.
Seia:	Death isn’t common in Kivotos, but it’s not entirely devoid of it either. Invisible, yet clearly always with us. There’s no doubt that each of us are living things.
*Background fades to black*
Seia:	To destroy one’s halo is to kill them. Meaning, someone out there wants me dead.
Seia:	And here you are. You made it all the way here and infiltrated a hidden room still undetected. You, Shirasu Azusa, a student from the Arius Satellite School.
*Background returns to Seia in the room*
Seia:	Have you ever destroyed a halo before?
???:	No, but I know how to… I’ve been taught.
Seia:	Taught?
???:	A halo will shatter if they’re wounded gravely enough, over and over.
???:	A student in Kivotos could be shot with a dozen 5.56mm rounds and it still wouldn’t cause a fatal wound…
???:	…but with enough ammunition, time, and tactical superiority, destroying a halo with just a firearm isn’t impossible.
???:	If someone is made to go without food or water for long enough, is suffocated for an extended period of time, loses enough blood, suffers from hypothermia, or other types of illness…
???:	All are sufficient ways to destroy one’s halo.
???:	As I understand it, you’re practically frail as well, Yurizono Seia.
Seia:	Do you think your firearm will be enough?
???:	Under most circumstances, but I’m short on time and don’t have the tactical advantage right now.
???:	That’s why I brought this bomb. I can destroy your halo immediately with this.
Seia:	A bomb that can shatter a halo? I’ve never heard of such a weapon.
Seia:	This must be the kind of thing Arius spends its time teaching. How to destroy halos—how to kill.
???:	Naturally. A school is a place to be taught. That’s what I’m there to learn. Isn’t that right?
Seia:	…
Seia:	I see. So this is what Arius has become.
*Seia walks closer to Azusa*
Seia:	Are you truly prepared to become a murderer, Azusa?
???:	…
*The scene changes to an image of Azusa, sitting alone on a white space*
Seia:	I’ve seen it before. How afraid you are.
Seia:	Murder is murder. Whether it was something you wished for or not, whether you had any other choice…
Seia:	None of it matters. It’s something you can never come back from. It’s something you will carry with you for as long as you remain on this world.
Seia:	The despair, agony, rage, regret, frustration, and helplessness you’ll feel… No one will ever be able to empathize with it, and eventually, those feelings fade into nothingness, just as you will.
Seia:	You’ve been told it you whole life: vanitas vanitatum—that it’s the truth of the world.
Seia:	Yet, from what I’ve seen, you’re a living contradiction. You simultaneously place faith in these words but don’t believe them.
*The scene changes to an image of Dame’s Rocket beside a pillar filled with bullet holes*
Seia:	Isn’t that right?
Seia:	It’s what you were thinking to yourself as you gazed upon that flower.
Seia:	“Even if everything is in vain…I must continue struggling.”
Seia:	This is what’s at the core of your being—the image you see when you close your eyes. I couldn’t understand it at first…
Seia:	…but now it makes perfect sense to me.
*Scene then goes back to Seia in the room*
Seia:	You didn’t come here to kill me. You came to seek advice.
*Background fades to black*
Seia:	Advice about your struggle.
***

Scene 2: Sensei finds himself on a room with Utazumi Sakurako

Sakurako:	Are you all right, Sensei?
Choice:	“I must have dozed off for a bit.”
	“I feel like I had some kind of dream…”
Sakurako:	I know you’ve been busy with this and that lately, but I’d appreciate it if you could focus a little bit.
Choice:	“Sorry about that.”
Sakurako: 	As I understand it, you’ve been volunteering to deal with the aftermath of that incident.
Choice:	“I’m an adult. Someone has to take responsibility.”
Sakurako:	Fair enough.
Sakurako:	A lot has happened in such a short amount of time. We’d be remiss not to do our due diligence.
Sakurako:	It will undoubtedly be tedious, but that’s simply the nature of a postmortem.
Sakurako:	So, back to the beginning.
Sakurako:	Seia’s recovery room was destroyed at roughly 3 AM on the night of the attack.
Sakurako:	The first to arrive at the scene was Captain Mine of the Remedial Knights.
*Background fades and shows Mine*
Sakurako:	She reported what happened to the Tea Party after grasping the situation.
Sakurako:	Even as the Tea Party fell into a panic, a concerted effort began to hide news of Seia’s death and search for the perpetrator.
*Background fades to black*
Sakurako:	Captain Mine took advantage of the chaos and escaped with Seia’s body. Even the other members of her club were unsure of where she went.
*The scene goes back to Sakurako in a room*
Sakurako:	That’s as much as the Tea Party knew, In reality, Mine had only made it seem like Seia’s halo was destroyed and instead hid her somewhere safe.
Sakurako:	It was the best way to protect Seia from another attack. No one targets a dead person.
Sakurako:	The Tea Party has no shortage of enemies after all. The culprit could be just about anyone. I believe Mine made the right decision with that in mind.
Sakurako:	Now we know the one who orchestrated the attack was Mika. Mine made a wise decision.
Sakurako:	However, Seia still hasn’t woken up.
Sakurako:	Her wounds from the explosion have healed, but she remains unconscious…for reasons unknown, according to the captain.
Sakurako:	In conclusion, Captain Mine and Seia are still in hiding. No one knows their location.
Sakurako:	That sums up everything we know about the attack on Yurizono Seia.
*The door suddenly opens and Uruwa Hanako shows up*
Choice:	“Hanako.”
Hanako:	I thought Sakurako might be boring you to tears, so I came to your rescue.
Sakurako:	I’m not in the mood for your jokes, Hanako.
Hanako:	You’re such a stick in the mud. Smile! Live a little! Take a walk on the beach—find something dirty to read!
Hanako:	Something tells me you’d be just the type to get into it. ♡
Sakurako:	You haven’t forgotten the pact you made, have you?
Hanako:	Of course not.

*A flashback starts, the scene changes to the church with Mari, Sakurako and Hanako*

Choice:	“What’s this all about, Hanako?”
Hanako:	Sensei? What are you doing here?
Sakurako:	(…)
Choice:	“You said you made a pact with the Sisterhood.”
Hanako:	Oh. That…
Sakurako:	With all due respect, this matter isn’t any of your or Schale’s concern, Sensei.
Choice:	“I advise the Make-Up Work Club, so Hanako is still MY student.”
Hanako:	Goodness…
Sakurako:	…
Mari:	I-I’m sorry. This is my fault.
Hanako:	Mari…
Mari:		It was a deal. Hanako asked for my help in persuading Sakurako.
Mari:		And in exchange…
Mari:		…I asked Hanako to change her mind about dropping out of school.
Sakurako:	…
Mari:	It was the only way! I couldn’t understand how Hanako felt or talk her out of dropping out.
Mari:	All I wanted was for her to stay at the academy, even if it meant being selfish.
Hanako:	You weren’t, Mari.
Hanako:	You don’t need to be ashamed or apologize. If anyone was selfish, it was me for making you worry like that.
Hanako:	I’m sorry, Mari.
Mari:	Hanako…
Hanako:	Rest assured that dropping out is the furthest thing from my mind now.
Mari:	R-Really? Do you mean it?
Hanako:	Absolutely. I learned a lot while in the Make-Up Work Club, including the value of struggling and pushing myself just a little bit more. Isn’t that right, Sensei?
Choice:	“Yeah. You can do this.”
Mari:	I’m so glad to hear that. Thank you both.
Sakurako:	However, that alone won’t suffice.
Mari:	Sakurako?
Sakurako:	I have a request of my own to make of you, Hanako.
Hanako:	…
Sakurako:	That’s…
*Ending the flashback, the scene returns to the room where Sensei was in*

*The background is tinted with pink and is filled with bubbly effects*
Hanako:	How devious. I still can’t believe you asked for my help in creating a school rule that prohibits clothing in classrooms. All-nude lessons only!
*The background returns to normal*
Sakurako:	I’m glad you remem—
Sakurako:	I beg your pardon?
Hanako:	To think the Sisterhood had such naughty ambitions. I shouldn’t have expected anything less of you, Sakurako. This truly is an organization shrouded in mystery.
Hanako:	I thought the clause that allowed Sisterhood members to still wear a veil while nude was a nice touch, though.
*The background is completely covered in pink and filled with hearts and bubbly effects*
Hanako:	Completely exposed with nothing on but a veil. My, what a daring way to show off the Sisterhood’s privileges.
*The background returns to normal*
Sakurako:	Excuse me?!
Hanako:	I gave you my word, so I have no choice but to cooperate with this plan of yours! I’ll make sure this rule is passed if it’s the last thing I do!
Hanako:	However, I can’t go along with the favoritism your veil exception creates. So I propose an addendum that allows all other students to still wear socks!
Hanako:	Make that one concession and I promise you that your rule will pass!
Mari:	Sakurako! Y-You’ve been keeping this from me the entire time?!
Sakurako:	Of course I haven’t!
Hanako:	Are you sure?
Sakurako:	Yes, I’m sure!
*The background shakes*
Sakurako:	The exchange for granting your request was that you grant one of ours as well!
Hanako:	Oh, thaaaaaat. Now I remember.
*The scene returns to normal*
Sakurako:	*Sigh*
Sakurako:	As much as I’d like to request that you agree to join the Sisterhood, that wouldn’t be fair. I would basically be coercing you.
Sakurako:	We’ve decided to change our non-interventionism policy after this most recent incident. The Sisterhood will be more involved in Trinity’s politics than before—at least for the foreseeable future.
Sakurako:	There are sure to be a lot of…growing pains in that regard, and having the help of someone as talented as you could help alleviate them.
Hanako:	I supposed I can do that…
Sakurako:	Why so hesitant? I hope you still aren’t thinking of that fabricated proposal you said I made.
Choice:	“I think Hanako should reserve the right to say ‘no’ when she wants to.”
Hanako:	Sensei…
Sakurako:	So that’s it. Yes, I can agree to that. We should count ourselves fortunate that you’re willing to help at all. I won’t push my luck by asking you to do any more than you’re comfortable with.
Mari:	Thank you, Sakurako
Sakurako:	Let’s get back to the matter at hand, though. We were discussing—
Hanako:	The nude attendance matter, obviously! ♡
Sakurako:	Precisely, the nudity poli—no! We were discussing the matter surrounding Seia.
Hanako:	Right.
Hanako:	Okay, getting serious… We already know the one who attacked Seia was our little Azusa—Shirasu Azusa.
Hanako:	Seia’s room was destroyed at 3AM on the night of the attack, but records indicate the infiltration should have been around 2AM.
Hanako:	Meaning the intruder, Azusa, was with Seia for about an hour.
Sakurako:	What could have happened between the two of them within that time window?
Hanako:	Azusa hasn’t told me. However…

*The scene transitions to a counseling room with Hifumi, Azusa and Hanako in it*
Inspector:	Please enter, Shirasu Azusa.
Azusa:	…
Postmortem Pt.1 - END


***





















[Episode 2] Postmortem Pt.2
“Sensei hears about everything that’s happened so far from Hanako. They also hear how Nagisa apologized to the entire Make-Up Work Club and went to meet with Mika.”
*The scene starts with a Tea Party Inspector, Azusa, Hifumi and Hanako in a room*

Azusa:	This is what Seia said.
Azusa:	If the long-standing dispute between Gehenna and Trinity can be resolved through the Eden Treaty, then perhaps Arius’ troubles can be addressed next.
Azusa:	She also said the treaty was the only way to solve Trinity’s deep-rooted issues…
Azusa:	…and if Arius succeeded in destroying the Tea Party’s halos, then war would break out in Kivotos.
Azusa:	Seia asked if that was what I truly wanted.
*The scene changes to Seia in a dark room*
Seia:	I see.
Seia:	What I can say for certain is that we don’t see eye to eye, Shirasu Azusa.
Seia:	I’m familiar with the fifth koan. I know better than anyone the fallacy of trying to prove the existence of paradise.
*Seia:	B-but, something this—
Seia:	…if you wish to continue struggling in the face of catastrophe, then I will help.
Seia:	I’ll lend you my wisdom.
Seia:	Though I can make no promises about where it will lead you.
*The scene returns to the counseling room*
Inspector:	And then you destroyed the room?
Azusa:	It was necessary to stage Seia’s death. Arius needed to be deceived as well.
Azusa:	Seia personally chose the Remedial Knights’ captain to lead the cover up. She told me I could leave the rest to her.
Azusa:	I fled after the room was destroyed. Once the dust settled and intel about the incident began to spread, Squad was under the impression that I succeeded.
Azusa:	That’s everything I know about that night.
Hanako:	…
Azusa:	I’ve been in the dark ever since. I had no idea that Seia was still unconscious.
Hanako:	Her injuries have healed at least. Her being comatose remains a mystery.
Inspector:	Do you claim to be unaware that the plan to attack Seia was originally devised by Mika?
Azusa:	I…
Hanako:	Mika had completely obfuscated her involvement. There would have been no way for a foot soldier like Azusa to know.
Hifumi:	Y-Yeah! We know Azusa, and she’s no murderer! She even tried to save Nagisa’s life after everything she did to us.
Inspector:	I understand that. It’s simply my job to ask questions like these.
Azusa:	No, it’s okay. I’ll be fine.
*Azusa closes her eyes, opens them and the scene fades to black*
Azusa:	The one who gave me my orders was Joumae Saori, the leader of Squad.
*The scene changes to the room where Sensei, Sakurako, Mari and Hanako are in*
Sakurako:	Correct.
Sakurako:	Shirasu Azusa then transferred to Trinity with the covert objective of protecting Nagisa. That much is clear.
Sakurako:	Along the way, she and the Make-Up Work Club even passed their evaluation exam. That’s showing she knows how to get results.
Sakurako:	I can’t find any fault with her, personally. Therefore, I will take responsibility and authenticate her documents.
Sakurako:	No one should have any objections to her enrollment with the Sisterhood vouching for her.
Hanako:	Thank you, Sakurako!
Choice:	“We owe you one.”
Sakurako:	This officially makes Shirasu Azusa a Trinity Student.
Sakurako:	There is still unfinished business, especially where the Arius Satellite School is concerned…
Sakurako:	…but all of the urgent fires have been extinguished for now.
Sakurako:	Job well done, everyone. Especially to you, Hanako and Sensei.
Hanako:	Why, thank you!
Sakurako:	I have other matters to attend to, so I’ll be taking my leave. Let’s go, Mari.
Mari:	Yes.
Mari:	Um…would you two mind having another chat with me when things settle down a little more?
Hanako:	It would be our pleasure.
*Sakurako and Mari leaves the room*
Hanako:	Phew. At least the situation with Azusa’s enrollment has been cleared up.
Choice:	“You did good, Hanako.”
Hanako:	Same to you, but there’s still so much more to be done.
Hanako:	Especially as far as Nagisa and Mika are concerned.
Hanako:	Oh, speaking of which, I heard Hifumi met with her not too long ago.
Choice:	“With Nagisa?”
Hanako:	Yeah, that’s what she told me. I guess they had a lot to clear the air about.
*Scene changes to the Tea Party Terrace*
Nagisa:	Hifumi.
Hifumi:	H-Hi, Nagisa. Y-You’re looking well. H-Have you lost weight?
Nagisa:	I asked you here to issue a formal apology, Hifumi.
Hifumi:	*shakes*
Nagisa:	I’m sorry for doubting you.
Hifumi:	O-oh. That.
Nagisa:	I could hardly blame you for grabbing a cup of tea and pouring it over my head right now, considering everything I’ve put you through.
Nagisa:	To think I had you pegged as the leader of a masked criminal organization. That couldn’t possibly be true. I don’t know why I thought such nonsense.
Hifumi:	…
Nagisa:	I completely understand if you choose not to forgive me. In fact, I don’t expect you to.
Hifumi:	N-No, that’s not it.
Hifumi:	I’ll be fine, I think. Yeah, there were times where it really hurt…but it was just a misunderstanding that’s been cleared up now.
Hifumi:	It’s not like I considered hating you or anything like that. You don’t have to say anything else. I’ll be fine…
Nagisa:	…
Nagisa:	I don’t think I could ever be as forgiving. You’re such an interesting girl, Hifumi.
Hifumi:	Me? Th-That’s funny…
*Nagisa starts monologuing*

Nagisa:	(“Funny,” hmm?)
???:	It was a funny fantasy, thinking we were ever really friends.
*Monologuing ends*
Nagisa:	*cough*! *cough* *cough*!
Hifumi:	Nagisa?
*Sounds of utensils crashing*
Nagisa:	*cough* I’m f-fine. A little bit of tea slipped down the wrong pipe, that’s all.
Hifumi:	O-Oh…
*The scene goes back to Sensei and Hanako*

Choice:	“…”
Hanako:	I-I’m glad their misunderstanding is cleared up, but it looks like the joke I played on Nagisa may have gone a little too far.
Hanako:	Nagisa has also been meeting with others to issue proper apologies for everything that happened.
*Scenarios of Nagisa apologizing to Koharu, Hasumi and Hanako*
Hanako:	She even gave one to me, and I told her I was sorry for being such a troublemaker.
Hanako:	…
Hanako:	She’s no longer wallowing in doubt and paranoia…but I also think she’s lost a bit of her edge.
Choice:	“I’m kind of worried about her.”
Hanako:	Yeah, so am I.
Choice:	“And Mika too.”
Hanako:	You are…?
Hanako:	I’ve been wanting to ask you what you think of her motives, actually.
*Flashback starts on the Dark Gym with Mika*
Mika:	Hmm? You want to know why I’m doing this, Sensei?
Mika:	Because I hate Gehenna.
Mika:	I sincerely loathe Gehenna Academy from the depths of my heart.
*Flashback ends*
Hanako:	It’s hard to know what their relationship was truly like from the outside looking in, but Nagisa and Mika were supposed to be childhood friends.
Hanako:	Opposites attract, as they say. Nagisa was always diligent and overly cautions, whereas Mika was the free-spirited spontaneous one.
Hanako:	Maybe they drifted apart and weren’t as close as they seemed…
Hanako:	…but it still shocked me to hear Mika would betray Nagisa just because of her hatred of Gehenna.
Hanako:	That’s why I arranged to meet with her through the Sisterhood.
*Scene fades to black*
Hanako:	Though when I went to see her, someone else was already there first.
*Scene changes to Mika’s cell*
Mika:	Wow! It’s Nagi! Welcome!
Nagisa:	Hello, Mika. How have you been? Staying comfortable?
Mika:	Hardly, but it could be worse. At least I was thrown into a tiny cell underground. They even let me have a TV. I have pretty much everything I could ever need.
Mika:	I really didn’t think I’d end up here—well, not right now at least. The timing is really poor.
Nagisa:	Agreed. I never saw it coming.
Mika:	Isn’t life beautifully unpredictable? At least that’s how I feel!
Nagisa:	…
Mika:	…
Mika:	I really didn’t think you’d come, Nagi.
Nagisa:	…
Postmortem Pt.2 - END






[Episode 3] Postmortem Pt.3
“Mika and Nagisa have a discussion but ultimately fail to understand one another. Hanako tries to understand Mika’s motivations as well. but Mika rejects her.”
*The scene starts on a confinement at Trinity with Mika and Nagisa coming for visit*
Mika:	I thought I’d never see you again.
Nagisa:	Please. You know that we’re inseparable, whether we like it or not.
Mika:	You’re right. It’s been that way ever since we were little girls.
Nagisa:	…
Mika:	So why did you come? It couldn’t have been to interrogate me. They’ve been putting me through the wringer enough as is already.
Mika:	Whatever it is, it must be important if you came all the way here in person.
Nagisa:	…
Nagisa:	It’s about Arius’ Squad.
Mika:	The covert special operations unit organized by Arius’ student council president.
Mika:	What more do you want to know? I’ve already said everything I know during my interrogation.
Mika:	From how I got in contact with Arius, to the roles of each Squad member…
Nagisa:	Yes, I’m aware.
Mika:	Do you think I’m still hiding something? Wanna torture it out of me? I’ve heard the Sisterhood is a big fan of that kind of stuff.
Nagisa:	Those were the former Council’s methods, not the Sisterhood’s. Something so inhumane would never be tolerated in today’s day and age.
Mika:	I know, I know. You hate things like that—I was only messing with you.
Nagisa:	…
Mika:	I know this must sound weird coming from me, but is Arius really a big deal anymore?
Mika:	They don’t have access to more troops, weapons, or supplies without me backing them.
Mika:	Even if Squad still has it out for Trinity, isn’t the Justice Task Force more than capable of handling them and any other remaining soldiers from the Arius Satellite School?
Nagisa:	Yes, that’s been taken into consideration already. Arius shouldn’t be a threat as far as the Eden Treaty is Concerned.
Mika:	I thought so… Oh, and for the record, I did try to find the location of their district, but it wasn’t easy.
Mika:	The only person who knows how to enter it is Saori, the leader of the Squad.
Mika:	If you really want to know, you could always ask Azusa. She may have betrayed them, but she was still an Arius student.
Nagisa:	Normally I could, but…
Mika:	Oh, I get it. She’s under Schale’s protection now, isn’t she?
Mika:	You really did get on Sensei’s bad side, huh, Nagi? Now you’re too uncomfortable to ask for a favor.
Mika:	Sensei’s allegiances are with the students, so they’re not going to do anything that would put Azusa in jeopardy.
Nagisa:	…
Mika:	The two of you probably haven’t seen each other since everything that happened, have you? It’s written all over your face.
Mika:	You can’t bring yourself to face Sensei after being so harsh. Aw, even you can be a bashful young lady, Nagi. Hahaha.
Mika:	Not that I don’t know what it feels like.
Mika:	Sensei has come to visit a lot. It was hard having to decline each time.
Mika:	Well, I’m stuck here either way. I guess Sensei could use Schale’s sway to force a meeting, but they would never do that—which somehow makes it even more annoying.
Mika:	They never quite do what you want them to. I tried leaking all that misinformation, and it still didn’t faze Sensei.
Mika:	Things would have been so much simpler if Sensei had just believed one of us and did as they were told.
Mika:	Or had they simply leaked everything I said, I wouldn’t be in this predicament.
Nagisa:	…
Mika:	Well, either way. Don’t you think everything turned out for the best?
Mika:	The real traitor is imprisoned, Arius is hardly a threat…
Mika:	…and now the Eden Treaty can be signed as planned. You can finally find the peace you’ve been longing for, Nagi.
Mika:	Such a happy ending. Isn’t that nice?
Nagisa:	…
*Scene fades to black*
Nagisa:	No, it’s not.
Nagisa:	What do you have to be happy about, Mika? You’re the traitor.
Nagisa:	You tried to destroy my halo.
*Scene returns to normal*
Mika:	…
Nagisa:	And for what? Because you hate Gehenna? You were willing to kill a friend you’ve known for the most of your life over something as petty as that?
Nagisa:	And Seia too. Why?
Mika:	…
Nagisa:	I was terrified when word of Seia’s supposed death reached me…
Nagisa:	I couldn’t help but think I was next.
Nagisa:	She’s the wisest of us and even has prophetic dreams that she’s used to her advantage. No one at Trinity is more dangerous than her. That’s why she was targeted first.
Nagisa:	And given your…political prowess, I assumed I was next.
Mika:	What is that supposed to mean?
Nagisa:	Anyway, I knew everything would fall on your shoulders if something were to happen to me, and I couldn’t let that happen.
Nagisa:	I was desperate to find the culprit before it came to that. I didn’t want you to be left alone. I didn’t want you to be hurt either.
Nagisa:	But who could be behind it? Gehenna? The General Student Council? Or that delicate flower from Millenium? Perhaps the tyrant from Red Winter? Or maybe the dark monarch of Shanhaijing…
Nagisa:	Or was there a traitor in our midst? It seemed unthinkable, but then again…
*Scene fades to black*
Nagisa:	And then I… I…
Mika:	Slow down, Nagi.
Mika:	It isn’t that complicated. I hate Gehenna—so much that I was willing to kill a dear old friend. All right?
Nagisa:	Is that really all there is to it? There wasn’t some kind of mistake or misunderstanding or subconscious belief that you couldn’t control or…?
Mika:	Hahaha. What other reason could there be?
Mika:	This is why I always liked you, Nagi. You’re just so pure. Pure and naive.
Mika:	There’s nothing you’re missing. I tried to kill Seia and then you. That’s all there is to it.
Mika:	You know how extreme I can be when it comes to my likes and dislikes. I just can’t get along with those scum from Gehenna. I don’t want to link arms with them and pretend to be friends.
Mika:	Doesn’t it make your skin crawl just having to coexist in the same city with them?
Nagisa:	And that’s why you formed an alliance with Arius?
Mika:	Obviously, What else was a murderer like me supposed to do?
Mika:	Even if Seia is alive, I was still the one who tried to kill her. That isn’t going to change.
Mika:	And you never even realized it, Nagi.
Nagisa:	But how…?
Mika:	How did you know me for so long without realizing the truth?
Mika:	You should know the answer to that better than I do.
Mika:	Because we’re strangers at the end of the day. We’ve put up so many walls between us that there’s no way we could ever truly know one another.
Nagisa:	…
Nagisa:	I’ll be leaving now, Mika.
Mika:	Take care, Nagi. Sorry I can’t walk you home.
*A sound of a gate plays*
Mika:	…
*Another sound of a gate plays*
Hanako:	Why lie to her like that?
Mika:	I sure do have a lot of visitors today. So you’re next, huh, Hanako?
Hanako:	Yes, but this isn’t a personal visit. I’m here on business.
Mika:	That makes sense. Since you didn’t enter with Nagi, then are you here on the Sisterhood’s behalf? Following their orders now?
Mika:	Not that it matters to me either way. Anyway, what were you talking about just now? I wasn’t lying.
Hanako:	…
Hanako:	I’ve been performing a postmortem investigation on your actions based on all the information I’ve received from the Sisterhood.
Hanako:	In other words, I’ve been analyzing what Misono Mika’s motive was.
Mika:	Wow, how daring to admit that right in front of the person in question. A little tasteless too.
Hanako:	You tried to destroy the Eden Treaty because of your hatred of Gehenna. That much is clear.
Mika:	…
Hanako:	What I don’t know is who goaded you into that decision or why you ultimately teamed up with Arius to become the new host.
Hanako:	Your Initial plan was probably to simply abduct Seia and hold her captive. Really, that’s all that needs to happen for the title of host to change hands.
Hanako:	But Arius’ Squad had different plans. They were out to destroy Seia’s halo from the very beginning.
Hanako:	That isn’t where the story ends, though.
Hanako:	You were initially told that Seia was dead.
Hanako:	And I’m guessing that’s when you began to have a mental breakdown.
Hanako:	You likely fell into panic. You became a “murderer” in your own mind, and nothing was going to convince you otherwise.
Hanako:	There was no turning back. You weren’t going to stop until you achieved what you set out to do. What other choice was there?
Hanako:	You must have been wallowing in despair and driven by destructive impulse.
Mika:	Hooold on just a second.
Mika:	Don’t you know it’s rude to psychologically analyze someone straight to their face?
Mika:	I was the one who gave the order to kill Seia, and I was the one who stabbed my childhood friend, Nagi, in the back. Despair? Impulsive? What are you talking about? Are you an idiot?
Hanako:	No, but I do have a very good memory.
*Flashback starts on the Dark Gym with Mika*
Mika:	Destroying her halo wasn’t part of the plan, though. Give me a little credit—I’m not a murderer.
Mika:	It’s all because of that little mishap that things have gotten out of hand like this.
Mika:	Get it? I can’t turn back now because of that—because of you.
*Flashback ends*
Hanako:	There are a few other things that don’t add up.
Hanako:	I was under the impression there really was a traitor out there, but I didn’t think she would reveal herself then and there.
Hanako:	After all, that would mean throwing away her biggest advantage: anonymity.
Hanako:	No strategist would choose to do that. It doesn’t make any sense…
Mika:	That is one regret I had. I really goofed that one up.
Hanako:	You didn’t let me finish. It doesn’t make sense…unless you were afraid that Arius was going to kill Nagisa too.
Mika:	…
Hanako:	Isn’t that right? You were afraid they would kill her like they did Seia.
*Flashback returns on the Dark Gym with Mika once again*
Mika:	So hand her over. I promise not to kill her. She may have to spend the rest of her school life in confinement, but it won’t be so bad.
*Flashback ends*
Mika:	…
Hanako:	You’re stronger than you’re given credit for, Mika. Sure, you proved you’re just as strong in combat as someone like the Justice Task Force’s president, but it’s more than that.
Hanako:	I did my best to keep my composure during our confrontation, but in reality, I knew how precarious the situation was.
Hanako:	I had to be prepared for the worst case scenario—that even the Sisterhood would be forced to retreat.
Hanako	But then you surrendered. You were resigned after hearing that Seia was still alive.
Mika:	Enough.
Mika:	What are you trying to say?
Mika:	Are you taking pity on me? Will you claim I never meant a single word I said or that I didn’t intend for any of those terrible things to happen? That I was just a confused, stupid little girl who made a bad choice or two?
Mika:	Hahaha!
Mika:	You’re so funny, Hanako. Absolutely hilarious.

Mika:	It really isn’t that complicated. I’m just a traitor—a murderer who sold out her friends and allies to hold on to a grudge in her twisted, treacherous heart.
Mika:	I’m not trying to hide that fact anymore. I deserve to be hated after everything I did.
Mika:	Even if I did have some other underlying motives, how would you ever know for sure?
Mika:	The truth as you know it can only be what you see. So denying what’s right in front of you makes you blind. Isn’t that right, Hanako?
Mika:	Why desperately cling to something you can’t possibly prove? Hmm?
Hanako:	I just wanted…to…
Mika:	Say, how is Seia doing right now? You two were close, weren’t you?
Mika:	Are you sure she’s safe? Was the real lie that she was dead all along? If that’s not the case, then why can’t I see her?
Mika:	You wouldn’t just torment me with lies like that, would you? That’s so malicious. Maybe you’re the one we need to be suspicious of.
Hanako:	…
Hanako:	I’ll be going now, Mika.
Hanako:	I won’t share my speculations with anyone else. Not even Nagisa.
Mika:	Do whatever fancies you. It doesn’t really concern me.
Hanako:	I will. And I’ll keep all of this from Sensei too.
Mika:	…
Hanako:	That’s what you deserve for betraying Sensei, isn’t it?
Mika:	…
Hanako:	Take care, Mika.
*A sound of a gate plays*
Mika:	…
Mika:	…
*Scene fades to black*
Mika: I may be despicable, but you’re downright cruel, Hanako.
*Scene changes to a room with Sensei and Hanako in it*
Choice:	“,,.”
Hanako:	So much for keeping quiet about it. That’s what she said.
Hanako:	I just wanted to tease her a little bit,,,but I may have gone too far again.
Hanako:	I should apologize to her some time for losing my composure like that.
Hanako:	For now, I think that sums up everything we know about the incident.
Hanako:	Mika despises Gehenna so much that she conspired against her fellow Tea Party members.
Hanako:	She ordered the attack on Seia, which Squad carried out. That was when Azusa destroyed the room Seia was staying in.
Hanako:	Each party was acting with their own motives in mind.
Hanako:	The end result was them stepping on each other’s toes due to constant distrust and misunderstandings.
Hanako:	That’s how we arrived where we are now. That’s everything we know, Sensei.
Choice:	“It still feels like something’s missing..”
Choice:	“Could this have started with Mika wanting to tease Seia?”
Hanako:	Where’s this coming from?
Hanako:	It’s a bit of an extreme thought experiment, but in that case…
Hanako:	Hmm. Let’s consider Mika’s personality first.
Hanako:	Everyone knows Mika and politics don’t mix, and despite the recent…revelations, that seems to hold true. She’s the type to act before weighing the pros and cons.
Hanako:	Could it be that she was looking to get back at Seia for always admonishing her and treating her like a child.
Hanako:	Admittedly, Seia is the type that can…push people’s buttons sometimes.
Hanako:	Still, if Mika was just looking for a little friendly revenge, why involve Arius?
Hanako:	It just doesn’t seem realistic. Actually, had she used that excuse, I would have called it too convenient.
Choice:	“Maybe.”
Hanako:	Don’t tell me you’re conceding on that idea already.
Choice:	“But what if Mika really did want to reconcile with Arius?”
Hanako:	…
Hanako:	You’re proposing that she approached Arius in the hope of reconciling, but all they did was take advantage of her. They used her hatred for Gehenna against her.
Hanako:	No, what you really mean is…
Hanako:	…it’s impossible to know Mika’s true intentions from the outside looking in.
Choice:	“Can we prove anyone has ever reached paradise?”
Hanako:	The fifth koan…
Hanako:	Those who reach paradise cannot be found—and should not exist—outside of paradise… Therein lies the paradox of trying to prove paradise’s existence.
Choice:	“In other words, how can you prove someone else’s sincerity?”
Hanako:	…
Hanako:	That’s right. If we could truly understand someone else’s perspective, it wouldn’t be theirs anymore. In which case, it would be impossible to prove their sincerity.
Hanako:	In this analogy, paradise would be the sincerity of others. Is that what you meant to say?
Hanako:	That may be. It’s impossible to touch someone’s heart directly.
Hanako:	We can’t prove the sincerity it holds, just as we can’t prove anyone has ever reached paradise.
Hanako:	It’s a paradox, through and through. So it’s impossible to know anyone’s true intentions?
Choice:	“Seemingly”
Hanako:	…
Choice:	“There’s no point in trying to prove the impossible.”
Choice:	“That’s why you have to have faith.”
Choice:	“You have to believe in paradise, and you have to put trust in others.”
Hanako:	…
Hanako:	I suppose you’re right.
Hanako:	That’s how you’ve always been, Sensei. Even from the very beginning when there was so much doubt swirling and so many lies.
*The scene shows the members of Make-Up Work Club, Hasumi, Hina, Nagisa and Seia*
Hanako:	You were even fair to Mika and Nagisa.
Hanako:	You’re the kind of person who will always trust their students…even if it leads to betrayal. Right?
Choice:	“I do my best to sympathize with them, even if it comes to that.”
Hanako:	Why? How can you be so understanding?
Choice:	“It’s a sensei’s job to trust their students.”
	“Adults have a responsibility to lead by example.”
*The scene shows Mika and the Tea Party Terrace*

Choice:	“I have faith that those two will make up some day.”
	“I hope Nagisa and Mika can open up to each other.”
*Scene changes again to Nagisa*
Choice:	“Maybe not now, but someday surely.”
*Scene goes back to normal*
Choice:	“Maybe once the Eden Treaty has been put to rest.”
	“I’d like to bring them together and talk.”
	“Hopefully, all of us can bury the hatchet and move on.”
Hanako:	I think that’s a wonderful idea. I’d like for all of us to get together once all of this is over.
Hanako:	There’s no reason we shouldn’t keep struggling to reach one another, right?
Choice:	“It’s the only thing we can do.”
Hanako:	You’re absolutely right.

Postmortem Pt.3 - END










[Episode 4] What Comes Next
“A quiet peace follows in Trinity. Sensei goes to Gehenna to meet with Makoto and then Hina. They agree to meet again at the signing of the Eden Treaty and part ways.”

*The scene starts with Tsurugi…*
Tsurugi:	Kyaaaaaaaaah!
*boom*
Mashiro:	Tsurugi is at the top of her game today.
Mashiro:	And here I was feeling a little tired. I don’t have any excuses if the president is still so fired up.
Mashiro:	I’ll follow her example and work even harder!
Ichika:	Vice President Hasumi, come in. A supply tank has been stolen from campus.
Hasumi:	Huh?! What did you just say?
Ichika:	We’re shorthanded at the moment and could use back-up… Now the thief is using it to drift around corners! Amazing!
Hasumi:	We…have our hands full at the moment. I believe Koharu should be able to provide back-up, however.
Hasumi:	Wait, no. I forgot she’s out sick today with a cold.
Mashiro:	Technically, her paperwork to transfer back from the Make-Up Work Club hasn’t gone through yet. I’ll take care of this and go back to campus!
Tsurugi:	Kyaaaaaah! Kyaaah!
Hasumi:	Actually, I think we can both leave this in Tsurugi’s hands. I’ll accompany you.
*both Mashiro and Hasumi leaves the area*
*The scene then shows the church with Hanako suspiciously closing in to Hinata*
Hinata:	H-Hanako. What are you doing?
*Hinata steps away*
Hanako:	Hmm? What’s the matter, Hinata?
*Hanako steps closer*
Hinata:	Wh-Why are you standing so close behind me? I can feel your…on my back…
Hanako:	Goodness, what a predicament. ♡
Hinata:	U-Ugh,,,
Mari:	Hanako? Is something troubling you?
*Hanako steps away from Hinata*
Hanako:	Oh, It’s nothing. I’ve been saddled with taking care of the Sisterhood’s paperwork for the last few days when I could be doing other things. It’s only a teensy bit…    f r u s t r a t i n g. ♡
Mari:	Y-You’re kind of scaring me right now.
*The scene changes to Sensei in Pandemonium Society at Gehenna during evening*
Makoto:	Hahaha! So you’re that Sensei person from Schale?
Makoto:	Well, then! This is a pleasant Surprise.
Choice:	“Uh…hi, You’re Gehenna’s student council president?”
Makoto:	Indeed I am.
Makoto:	You’ve made a wise decision coming to the chair of the Pandemonium Society.
Choice:	“Come again?”
Makoto:	Think about it. Should the Pandemonium Society and Schale join forces, then the Prefect Team will never be able to stand in the way of progress again. It’s quite a logical decision.
Makoto:	If you’ve already calculated that far ahead, then what further is there to discuss?!
Ako:	You know…you should really wait to have those kind of conversations until after I leave the room.
Iroha:	*sigh* Makoto. Please try not to make this conversation any more awkward.
Iroha:	Schale’s Sensei has been asked to mediate the Eden Treaty’s signing. They’re only here to make a formal greeting.
Makoto:	Then what about our partnership?
Iroha:	What partnership? You’ve only just met. What were you expecting of them?
Makoto:	…
Makoto:	Yes, that makes perfect sense. Very well, then.
Makoto:	The fun will have to wait for the next time we meet, Sensei.
Makoto:	All right. Let’s get going, Iroha.
Iroha:	What? Already?
Ako:	*sigh*
Choice:	“Everything all right, Ako?”
Ako:	O-Oh.
Ako:	Well, more or less.
Ako:	I never expected you to be involved with the Eden Treaty.
Ako:	Does that mean you’ll also be making formal greetings at Trinity?
Choice:	“Already taken care of.”
Ako:	Wh-What? Since when…?
Ako:	Are you saying I’ve been out of the loop? But I’m the Prefect Team’s senior administrator!
Ako:	I’ve been so busy preparing for the treaty. I can’t believe I’d lose track of your every move so carelessly like this.
Choice:	“Just calm down.”
Ako:	Hmm…
Ako:	You’re right. Our president has told me the same lately.
Choice:	“Speaking of Hina, where is she?”
Ako:	She’s had,,,business to attend to elsewhere. She’s not at the academy right now.
Ako:	The head prefect has been as busy as ever. Though things may finally slow down for her once the Eden Treaty is signed…
Ako:	…
Ako:	So, your business here is done now, yes? I can show you out.
*Hina (blushing) opens the door and shows herself to Sensei*

Hina:	No. I’ll do that.
Ako:	P-President?
Ako:	I thought you were away from campus.
Hina:	I was, but I managed to take care of things early. I’m sure you have other work to do, so let me take care of Sensei.
Ako:	Right. As you wish.
Hina:	Follow me, Sensei.
*The scene changes and shows Hina on a hallway (night)*
Hina:	Hmm…
Hina:	So, Sensei. How go things at Trinity?

Choice:	“There’s still a lot of work to be done.”
	“I’ll still have a lot to do after the treaty is signed.”
Hina:	Could I bother you for the specifics?
Hina:	I recall everything you told me on the bridge, but I also felt there were things you were leaving out.
Hina:	Not that I blame you, of course. I would expect more transparency if you were dealing with an academy like Abydos again, but I’m sure you had your reasons given this is Trinity we’re discussing.
Choice:	“I thought I was transparent. Want to know more about the swimsuit symposium?”
Hina:	Th-That’s not what I was referring to!
Hina:	…
Hina:	Well, anyway.
Hina:	The truth is all a matter of perspective—there can be more than one. Those were your words.
Hina:	Trinity being betrayed at all is just one perspective’s truth. Maybe that’s not the perspective you want to hold.
Hina:	If that’s the case, then you’ll have to hold a different perspective and grasp another truth, because…
Hina:	…

Hina:	You must really trust those girls.
Choice:	“But I trust you more than anyone, Hina.”
Hina:	Wh-Where did that come from?!
Hina:	You’ve already told me. Once was enough.
Hina:	Seriously.

Hina:	Take care on your way home, Sensei.
Choice:	“Have you told Ako about your plans to retire?”

Hina:	No, Not outwardly.
Hina:	You’re the only one I’ve told, but it wouldn’t surprise me if Ako suspects it.
Hina:	It really isn’t something to make a big deal over. I’m just tired and need time to rest. That’s all
Hina:	Let’s leave it at that. Again, it’s unimportant.
Hina:	I’ll see you at the signing ceremony, Sensei.
Choice:	“All right. Thanks, Hina.”
*And so another day passed.*
*At last, the day of the Eden Treaty’s signing had come.*

*A news report regarding the Eden Treaty is shown*


What Comes Next  - END


















[Episode 5] Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.1
“Kronos’ Shinon comments on the Eden Treaty signing ceremony. Meanwhile, Hifumi and the Make-Up Work Club gather at a diner to celebrate the club’s dissolution.”

*The scene starts with a news report from Kawaru Shinon of Kronos*

Shinon:	Hello to all our viewers at home!
Shinon:	This is the Kronos School of Journalism’s star reporter, Kawaru Shinon!
Shinon:	We’re live at the scene of the highly anticipated Eden Treaty signing ceremony!
Shinon:	That’s right, the Cathedral of Communion where Gehenna Academy and Trinity General School are slated to officially sign the treaty.
*The scene changes to an image of Trinity and Gehenna flags being raised, with their students glaring at each other*
Shinon:	You could cut the tension in the air with a knife! Neither side is flinching in this intense battle of nerves!
Shinon:	It feels like a single misstep could lead to disaster! Can’t you feel the sparks in the air?
*The scene returns to the news report*
Shinon:	Historically, these two academies get along like cats and dogs—snakes and mongooses! Even now, this longstanding rivalry is boiling hot. Can the treaty stop it from bubbling over?
Shinon:	What’s that? Stop babbling and say my segue already? Okay, let’s move on to the next shot before my producer really gets mad!
*The scene changes to the sight of the old cathedral*
Shinon:	What an imposing sight! The signing ceremony will be taking place later today at this historic cathedral!
*The scene returns to the news report*
Shinon:	Why here of all places? According to our sources, this location was actually suggested by the top brass at Gehenna!
Shinon:	Could it be because Trinity’s First Council was also held at this location so many years ago?
Shinon:	Not according to our source! Supposedly, Gehenna wanted an event of this magnitude to simply take place at an equally powerful location!
Shinon:	That’s all there is to it, and it certainly fits the bill. I love it!
Shinon:	Speaking of the First Council, did you know that the commandments that were decided upon there were upheld by a powerful organization known as the Saint Justina Council?
Shinon:	Could that have something to do with Trinity’s Sisterhood attending today’s signing ceremony?
Shinon:	The Sisterhood has long abstained from involving itself with politics. What could motivate them to step out of the shadows now?
Shinon:	Could they be positioning themselves as the successors of the Saint Justina Council, the organization that has now vanished into history?
Shinon:	And what will become of the political storm sweeping through Trinity General School…?! What’s that? You want me to keep things short and simple or we’re going to lose viewers?
Shinon:	Well, my producer doesn’t know how to abstain from cutting my time short! So much for freedom of the press!
*The scene flashes to black followed by a beep*
Announcement:	
Hold on just a moment, folks. We seem to be experiencing technical difficulties...
*The scene returns to the news report once again*
Shinon:	Once the Eden Treaty is signed, the top executives of the two academies will agree upon the creation of the Eden Treaty Organization at the cathedral!
*The scene shows the Eden Treaty*
Shinon:	At that time, the two academies that have always been at odds will officially begin working together to settle their disputes!
Shinon:	Signing at the cathedral shows each side is committed to upholding the treaty and perhaps even the sacred commandments!
Shinon:	Put simply, this is the moment when two of the largest and most prominent academies in Kivotos will finally join hands in peace!
Shinon:	Which begs the question: What involvement does the General Student Council have with such a momentous occasion?
Shinon:	Let’s take a look back at their press conference that was held just yesterday!
*The scene changes to an interview of the General Student Council members*
Rin:	We’ll now close by fielding questions.
Reporter A:	Excuse me, Chief Officer! Does this mean the General Student Council president is still missing?
Rin:	In short, yes.
Reporter A:	Explain yourself! Why? Where is she?!
Reporter B:	Public approval of the General Student Council is plummeting. What are your thoughts on this?
Momoka:	*munch* Well, I can’t blame ‘em
Ayumu:	Momoka…
Rin:	We have no comment to offer on the general public’s opinions.
Reporter C:	What are your plans to slow down the gentrification occurring in several districts?
Reporter D:	Is there a relationship between the decision to close the SRT Academy and the previous riot at Sanctum Tower? There’s speculation that part of the tower was destroyed!
Reporter E:	What are your thoughts on the treaty between Trinity and Gehenna?
Rin:	The academies are responsible for overseeing the management of their own districts, as they always have been. The General Student Council will continue to take a hands-off approach to such matters.
Momoka:	*munch* Yeah, because we don’t have the time or manpower to get involved.
Ayumu:	Momoka, hush…
Rin:	No further questions.
*The scene returns to the news report*
Shinon:	There you have it! The General Student Council isn’t concerning themselves with the treaty at all!
Shinon:	How impartial of them! As nonpartisan as always!
Shinon:	Next, let’s analyze the key personnel of each academy attending the signing ceremony.

Scene 2: Azusa, Hifumi, Koharu and Hanako at a cafe
Azusa:	This place is rather crowded.
Hifumi:	Of course! Today’s the signing ceremony and classes were canceled. Everyone’s out celebrating!
Hifumi:	Kronos has been covering all the festivities. It kind of feels like we’re in the middle of a festival.
Hanako:	It sure does, If only Sensei were here to enjoy it with us, but they’re busy with the Eden Treaty.
Koharu:	Ugh. Why did I get dragged out here too?
Hanako:	Whatever do you mean? We’re all still clubmates after all.
Hanako:	This is supposed to be the Make-Up Work Club’s farewell party. It wouldn’t be the same without you here.
Koharu:	W-Well, obviously! You couldn’t have done it all without me, and I worked hard too, y’know…
Koharu:	Anyway. I told you all that you’re welcome to come hang out with me at the Justice Task Force whenever you want. I’m usually in the room where confiscated goods are stored…
Azusa:	I’d love to come visit you, Koharu.
Hanako:	Sure. I’ll be by soon to pick up my confiscated kamasutra.
Koharu:	Kama…what? What’s that?
Hanako:	Oh, it’s just a boring piece of classic literature. I find it soothing to read by the fountain, but it was confiscated for some reason.
Koharu:	Why would classic literature be banned?
Koharu:	Wait, no! It must be something dirty if YOU were reading it! Burn it! Burn it with fire!
Hanako:	But I borrowed it from the library? You’d be destroying school property if you burned it.
Hifumi:	Oh, Azusa. You’ve been carrying around your Professor Peroro plush?
*A picture of Professor Peroro shows up*
Azusa:	Yes, I cherish him. Of course he goes wherever I go.
Hifumi:	Th-That’s really sweet of you, but he doesn’t have to be your only plush. The Momoverse is full of other cute characters to collect too.
Azusa:	Right. That could be nice.
Hifumi:	Which reminds me that a new Peroro anime OVA released recently!
Azusa:	Anna…may?
Hifumi:	It’s supposed to be really inspirational. I heard the part where all the friends join forces to defeat the villain is especially touching.
Koharu:	Spoilers…
Hifumi:	Ahhh! My bad! Forget everything I just said!
Hanako:	So you like stories that have happy endings, Hifumi?
Hifumi:	Y-Yeah I guess so. Does that make me sound boring?
Koharu:	It’s not that they’re bad—it’s just kind of cliché. Think of all the stories you’ve experienced where everyone lives happily ever after.
Azusa:	I find happy endings to be purely fictional as well. The world isn’t so quick to change, no matter how hard you try. That’s reality.
Hifumi:	S-So you guys prefer more mature stories…
Hifumi:	I guess that makes me a little mundane too. Maybe I’m just a sucker for endings where everyone can still laugh and smile.
Hanako:	Well, everyone has their own tastes. My favorite kind of ending is when the heroine is mindlessly drooling and begging for forgiveness. ♡
Koharu:	What the hell are you talking about?! What kind of ending is that?!
Hanako:	Are you suuure you don’t know?
Azusa:	It doesn’t bother me if you like happy endings, Hifumi. If you like them, then so do I.

Hifumi:	*sob* Azusa!
*Hifumi hugs Azusa*
Hanako:	Well, well!
Koharu:	…!

Hanako:	There’s something I’ve been thinking about…
Hanako:	I want us all to get together with Sensei after the signing ceremony and unwind a little.
Azusa:	That would be nice. It’s been a while since I’ve had a casual conversation with Sensei.
Koharu:	Yeah. I still wish Sensei could have joined us today.
Hifumi:	They should be at the cathedral right about now. I can only imagine how hectic things are today.

Scene 3: Cathedral Central Hall

Choice:	“*yawn* Man, this is boring.”


Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.1 - END




















[Episode 6] Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.2
“With Tsurugi’s help, Sensei visits the Cathedral of Communion and Hinata explains Trinity’s history. Meanwhile, the Arius Squad launches missiles at the Pandemonium Society and Prefect Team as they set forth from Gehenna”
*The scene starts on the Cathedral Central Hall*

Choice:	“(I guess I could wander around to pass the time.)”

*Sensei gets interrupted by Guards*
JTF Member A:	Excuse me, but this area is off limits. Yawning is also prohibited.
Prefect Member A:	Authorized Personnel only. Spectators need to stay behind that line.

Choice:	“Uh, about that...”
	“Last I checked, I AM personnel.”

JTF Member A:	Hold on. Hey you, from the Prefect Team! Did you also just cross the line?
Prefect Member A:	Was that supposed to be some kind of joke? You Justice Task Force cronies have been crossing the line all day.
Prefect Member B:	Is this Trinity brat trying to pick a fight? We’ll teach you a lesson!
JTF Member A:	Tch! Calling in reinforcements is playing dirty. Have it your way… Requesting back up!
Tsurugi:	Kekekekeke…
Prefect Mem. A and B:	Wh-What?! It’s their leader!
JTF Member A:	I-I wasn’t expecting you to come, President Tsurugi!
Tsurugi:	Kekekekeke…
Tsurugi:	Kyaaaaak!
Everyone:	E-Eek!
Hinata:	E-Excuse me, everyone! You mustn't fight here…
*Tsurugi Stops*
Hinata:	W-We’re here in the name of peace, remember? Fighting would defeat the purpose of the t-treaty, Miss Tsurugi.
Tsurugi:	…
Tsurugi:	You three. This person is Sensei from Schale.
Tsurugi:	Got it?
Prefect Mem. A and B:	U-Understood!
JTF Member A:	I-I won’t make the same mistake twice, ma’am!
*All of JTF and Prefect Members walk away*

Choice:	“Thanks, Tsurugi. Sorry for all the trouble.”

Tsurugi:	…
Tsurugi:	Y-You don’t have to thank me…
Tsurugi:	There are other things I have to do, so I’ll be going now…
*Tsurugi walks away*
Hinata:	Phew.

Choice:	“She’s a sweet girl deep down.”

Hinata:	O-Oh! You don’t say…

Choice:	“Thanks for your help too. You’re…Hinata, right?”

Hinata:	Y-Yes, I am. It’s good to see you again, Sensei.

Choice:	“We’d have been goners if not for the Sisterhood.”

Hinata:	Oh, that? Not at all. I barely did anything back then.
Hinata:	All I’m really good for is brute force strength anyway.

Choice:	“Will other Sisters be in attendance too?”

Hinata:	Ah, yes. Sakurako’s orders.
Hinata:	You may have heard that our order is changing some of its internal stances lately.
Hinata:	She may believe that non-intervention is what led to the Tea Party incident, so we’ll be more involved with external affairs now.
Hinata:	Speaking of Sakurako, she should be arriving soon.
Hinata:	The Sisterhood volunteered to help with the event by offering security and escort for guests.
Hinata:	So would it be all right if I guided you through the cathedral?

Choice:	“Thanks. I’d like that.”

Hinata:	It’d be my pleasure!
*Sensei and Hinata walk to the Cathedral Gallery*

Choice:	“This place is something else.”

Hinata:	Truly. The historic Cathedral of Communion was beginning to fall by the wayside, but it underwent extensive renovations once it was decided to be the location of the ceremony.
Hinata:	Nagisa made that decision along with Makoto from Gehenna’s Pandemonium Society.
Hinata:	Still, the repairs were only made to the portions relevant to the event. Any further down, and it’s all still in ruins.
Hinata:	Actually, I’ve heard that below the cathedral is a massive system of catacombs.
Hinata:	Supposedly it goes on for tens of kilometers. No complete record of them exists, so it must have been unclear where they ended even in the days of old.
Hinata:	Oh, this way is blocked off. It must be one of the areas that was too dangerous to renovate.

Choice:	“You weren’t kidding.”

Hinata:	Yes. We’re standing at the site of the First Council, after all.
Hinata:	The commandments agreed upon by the council are considered sacred. It’s like I can feel the spirits of the commandments’ guardians still lingering when I walk these halls.

Choice:	“Guardians?”

Hinata:	All promises need to be accompanied with consequences if you break them, right? Otherwise, what incentive would someone have to keep them?
Hinata:	The ones who bore that responsibility in the days of old were known as the guardians of the commandments.
Hinata:	The legendary Saint Justina Council.

Choice:	“Like the Justice Task Force of today.”

Hinata:	Yes. Although, specifically, they’re the Sisterhood’s predecessors.
*ping!*
Hinata:	Oh, it seems that Sakurako has arrived. Nagisa should be here shortly as well.
Hinata:	I think we should head back, Sensei. This way.
*The scene changes to Ako and Hina’s conversation at Gehenna*
Hina:	And the preparations?
Ako:	Just finished. A car has been prepared to take you from the Pandemonium Society’s offices to the cathedral.
Hina:	A car? What for?
Ako:	Makoto showing off. It would seem the Pandemonium Society recently purchased a private blimp and she would like to… “Demonstrate the difference in the authority as you crawl on the ground and she flies through the skies.”
Hina:	…
Hina:	As frivolous as ever—not that it matters. Though I do find it amusing that she’d arrange a car for me after trying so long to block me from attending the signing ceremony.
Hina:	Iori and Chinatsu are waiting. Let’s go.
Ako:	…
Hina:	*sigh* I understand why you’re apprehensive, Ako, but I’ve already explained this to you.
Hina:	We’re not dissolving the Prefect Team. We’re fastening the shackles of the ETO onto the Pandemonium Society.
Ako:	Yes, I know. I want to believe the Prefect Team’s future is still secure, and I know Makoto will be bound to some degree by the Tea Party’s restrictions. It’s you I’m worried about.
Hina:	…
Hina:	That’s enough for now.
Hina:	We can discuss this after the ceremony is over. Let’s be off.
Ako:	Right.
*The scene changes to Shinon reporting live*
Shinon:	Would you look at that! Gehenna’s Pandemonium Society has arrived on their brand new private blimp!
*The scene shows the member of Pandemonium Society as they walk to the blimp*
Shinon:	There she is, Gehenna’s head chair, Hanuma Makoto! Behold the grandeur and charisma of Gehenna’s leadership!
Makoto:	Heh heh heh.
*The scene returns to Shinon’s news report*
Shinon:	It looks like the host of Trinity General Academy’s Tea Party, Kirifuji Nagisa, has also arrived at the cathedral!
Shinon:	Each academy’s leaders are arriving one after the other now.
Shinon:	Gehenna’s head prefect should be here shortly as well. Things are really starting to heat up, so don’t touch that dial!
*The television turns off*
*The scene changes to a ruined building with the Arius Squad*
Saori:	Are you ready?
Misaki:	Yes. All done.
Hiyori:	Y-Yeah, everything is taken care of. We’re still on schedule.
Saori:	And what of contact with that doll?
Atsuko:	*inhale* *sign language* *exhale*
Saori:	Good. Then there shouldn’t be any complications.
Hiyori:	Th-This is it, huh? There’s gonna be a lot of suffering, but it’s the only way.
Misaki:	Yes. This is the way of the world.
Atsuko:	…
*Arius squad Commences Operation*
*The scene shows the Arius Squad members, prepared for the Operation*

Saori:	Cruise missile status?
Misaki:	Launch request confirmed. Expected impact in T-minus five minutes.
Saori:	And teams II and III?
Hiyori:	On standby in front of the passage. Green to enter the target area at the expected time.
Saori:	Enter as soon as the cathedral collapses. Misaki and Team II will handle Trinity’s forces while Team III and Hiyori will face Gehenna’s.
Misaki:	Roger.
Saori:	Team II is to keep its sights set on Tsurugi, and Team III must stay on top of Hina. Make sure not to lose them.
Hiyori:	G-Got it! The head prefect!
Saori:	As for Teams I and V…
Atsuko:	*inhale* *sign language* *exhale*
Saori:	Yes. From there, you’ll follow  the passage to the basement. Your mission is the most important. Understood?
Atsuko:	…
Atsuko:	*inhale* *sign language* *exhale*
Saori:	I know. Please hold out for as long as you can, Hime.
Atsuko:	*nod*
Hiyori:	What about you, Saori?
Saori:	I have business elsewhere. I’ll be joining Team V once it’s taken care of.

Saori:	Break formation and advance.
*Footsteps*
*The scene shows the Justice Task Force, and the rest of the Prefect Team*
*and to the cafe where the Make-Up Work Club is currently in*

*A countdown has started ticking*
*The scene returns to the cafe*
Azusa:	…?!
*Azusa quickly rushes out of the cafe*
Hfiumi:	Azusa?! Where are you going?
Koharu:	D-Don’t embarrass her! She obviously had to go to the restroom.
Hanako:	But isn’t it in the opposite direction?
*Hifumi sees a Cruise Missile heading towards something*
Hifumi:	Huh?
*The scene changes to Azusa staring at the large screen on a building*
Azusa:	…
*whoooooosh*
Student A:	Hmm? Do you hear something?
Student B:	Wh-What was that?!
*The scene changes to Azusa with a serious look on her face*
Student C:	Did it come from the sky?! Something just flew right past us!
Student D:	Ahhh!
Azusa:	(It’s not over yet.)
Azusa:	(No, it’s only the beginning,,, Isn’t it, Saori?)
*The scene shows the events that are currently happening on the Old Cathedral*

*BOOM*

Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.2 - END


Lazy ass bum not doing stuff, taking over. DMS
EP 7 - Day of Fire and Ash Part 1
Combat: [BOSS] Heartless Justina Follower, Arius Student (MG), Arius Student (SMG)
Units: Hasumi, Tsurugi.
Skip Text: The Arius Squad takes advantage of the chaos and infiltrates the basement of the old cathedral. The Justice Task Force heads out to face the invading Arius students.

Student A: Ahhhhhh!

Student B: Student down! Student down!

Student C: *cough* *cough*

Announcer: Breaking news! An unknown explosion has gone off at the cathedral!
It’s completely engulfed in flames! The steeple--it’s collapsing!

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi.

[Blank Character]: Ahhhhhh!
Look out! Run away!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What’s happening?
!
I don’t see Azusa anywhere!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): The Justice Task Force was there… Are they?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Koharu! Hifumi!
We can’t just go rushing over there! It’s too dangerous until we know the situation!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But what about Azusa?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She and the Justice Task Force are perfectly capable of handling themselves! The rest of us can’t afford to be separated!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): B-But…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Then what are we supposed to do?

Fade to Hina
Hina (Prefect Team): (What just happened?)
(An explosion? Are we under attack?)
(That sound was… something flying at high speed followed by impact.)
(Could that have been a cruise missile? At speeds too fast for anti-air defense to intercept?)
(Was it using a ramjet engine? But the only place in Kivotos with that kind of tech is…)
(No. That alone doesn’t explain the scale of the damages. Was there an explosive planted in the cathedral from the beginning?)
(Who could have laid such a trap? Trinity? The Sisterhood?)

Zoom outwards

Hina (Prefect Team): (Now isn’t the time to think about that. I have to stay focused.)
(Ako should be fine, but I have to move quickly.)
(...)
Sensei!

Fade to Hiyori

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-That Hina girl is still standing…
Wh-What do we do now? How are we supposed to contain someone strong enough to withstand that? If she’s still willing to fight, this is going to hurt… We’re gonna suffer…
Towards Saori holding her phone

Saori (Arius Squad): No excuses. Don’t let Hina get away.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Y-Yes! I-I’ll try!

Fade back to Hiyori, with 2 Arius Students

Hiyori (Arius Squad): W-Well, we have our orders. Sorry about this… haha.

Hina (Prefect Team): (The Arius Satellite School.)

Hiyori (Arius Squad): W-We can’t exactly let you leave…
Hina (Prefect Team): …
Move.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): O-Oh, boy. Here comes the suffering.

Cut to Makoto

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): Hahahaha!
All according to plan! Hahaha!

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): What are you talking about…?

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): Everyone who would dare interfere with my plans is gone! Not just the Tea Party, but that eyesore Hina as well.
Don’t you understand, Iroha? This is a classic example of killing two birds with one stone.
That’s why I’ve been colluding with Trinity’s bitter enemy Arius this whole time!
I knew everything from the very beginning. From the Tea Party’s internal struggles to the coup d’état. All of it has been building towards today!

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): Coup d’état?
How long have you been conspiring this? That would mean… you never had intended to sign the Eden Treaty in the first place.

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): That’s right! I never had any interest in it. All I’ve cared about is disposing of the Interlopers in my way!
I only agreed to it to draw those Tea Party vermin out of their holes.
And why not finally rid myself of Hina while I’m at it? Heh heh heh!
Arius was so generous to offer their support. In fact, they’re the ones who paid for this reinforced blimp: a symbol of our friendship. As they say, the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Hahaha!
Now, then. Contact Arius.
Hina and Nagisa will never stand in my way again!
The time has come to wipe Trinity off the map once and for all!
Iroha (Pandemonium Society): Makoto… you understand that Arius hates Gehenna even more than they hate Trinity, correct? Why would they ever agree to cooperate with us?

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): THEY DO?!

Ibuki (Pandemonium Society): Which makes those containers over there that say “flammable” and “handle with care” on them all the more suspicious. I think they’re explosives.

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): *sigh* They tricked you, Makoto.

*BOOM*

Saori (Arius Squad): Team II. Report.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Team II has entered the cathedra. We’ll engage the Justice Task Force shortly. What about you, Leader?

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve finished what I had to.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Team III is currently engaging Hina! Team V is going underground as planned!

Saori (Arius Squad): Roger that. I’ll be joining you soon.
Trinity and Gehenna… The time has finally come to pay the price for this age-old hatred.
Yes, in the name of paradise…

Fade to Black

Saori (Arius Squad): … we, Arius, will be the ones to pass judgment on you.

Fade to Black [Again]

Arona: …nsei!
Sensei! Wake up!

Sensei (Choice): Arona?

Arona: Are you okay? You need to get a hold of yourself!

Sensei (Choice): What happened?

Arona: There was an explosion, and the cathedral collapsed. I did everything I could to protect you, but…
Ugh. I think I’m at my limit. I’m going to run out of energy, so you have to wake up!

Sensei (Choice): You did what? Arona?!

A Wild Maestro appears and vanishes

Sensei (Choice): (What was that just now?)

More fading to black

???: … nsei!
Hinata (The Sisterhood): Sensei… *cough* *cough* You’re okay!

Sensei (Choice): (I can’t move…)

Hinata (The Sisterhood): Thank goodness. You were buried underneath the rubble.
Hold on. I’ll get you out!
I’m glad my muscles are coming in handy at a time like this… There. Can you move?

Sensei (Choice): Stand up.

Hinata (The Sisterhood): You don’t seem to be seriously hurt. It’s a miracle you didn’t sustain any serious injuries after an explosion like that…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Sensei! You’re all right!

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): *sob* Sensei!

Hinata (The Sisterhood): The Justice Task Force! Oh, your wounds…

Sensei (Choice): You should be more worried about yourselves than me.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): We’ll be fine. The other members have been incapacitated from the explosion, unfortunately.
Nagisa, Sakurako, and the key personnel who were with them are missing. On top of that…
I haven’t spotted a single person representing Gehenna. What’s going on?

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): …!

Cut to Black 
Misaki (Arius Squad): Confirming arrival at target destination. Justice Task Force remnants spotted. No--correction. It’s the core of their forces.

Tsurugi and Hasumi sighted. Send in reinforcements. We’ll be engaging shortly.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): The Arius Satellite School?!
Wh-Where did they come from? How did they get here?! The perimeter should have been secure…

Hinata (The Sisterhood): I-It can’t be!
They must have come from underground… The catacombs below the cathedral.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): …
I see. So all of this is Arius’ doing, is it?
You won’t get away with this. You’ll pay for your sins here and now!

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Hasumi.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): …!

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Try to stay calm.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Yes. You’re right.
Thank you, Tsurugi. We need to prioritize Sensei’s safety right now and get them as far away from here as possible. I’ll take care of that.

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Sure. Let me be the one to get my hands dirty.
Keheheh… Well, then.
Line up and prepare to be exterminated!
Kyahahahahaha!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Let’s go, Sensei!

COMBAT START

AFTER COMBAT

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): U-Ugh. What ARE those?

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): …

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): They’re so powerful… and they don’t show the slightest reaction even after sustaining all those attacks…
Are they even alive? Or could it be?
What is it, Hinata?

Hinata (The Sisterhood): I’ve read descriptions of it before. That’s the Council’s attire…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Council? What Council?

Hinata (The Sisterhood): The Saint Justina Council! The guardians of the commandments who vanished hundreds of years ago!
<<EPISODE END>>
EP 8 - Day of Fire and Ash Part 2
COMBAT: Justina Members, Units: Hina
Skip Text: The Justice Task Force and Hina battle against the Saint Justina Council to protect Sensei.
Hinata (The Sisterhood): There aren’t just a few of them. There are tens--no, hundreds-- of them in the surrounding area!

Step Step to more Justina Girls.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): …!

Cut to Misaki with Arius Students

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’ve caught up with the targets. Confirming status of the Council’s Mimesises.
So the treaty has been signed… and the deal with that doll was struck well. Atsuko…

Cut to Atsuko with more Arius Students and Maestro

Arius Student A: A-Ahhh!

Arius Student B: Th-That wooden doll is moving!

Maestro (Gematria): How rude. I ask that you address me as Maestro with all the respect due to the arts.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Maestro (Gematria): Well, you’re much too young to comprehend art anyway. Sadly, there’s no hope for engaging conversation between the two of us.
You lack the intelligence, class and experience. Are these the qualities of a Kivotos student? How disappointing.
The only reason I’m helping you is because I find the ability to mimic the majesty of those guardians to be interesting.
The lineage of the commandment guardians. I’m most fortunate to witness the royal blood’s mandates be put into action.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Maestro (Gematria): With this, my experiments are that much closer to attaining the sublime.

Maestro slides towards Atsuko a bit

Maestro (Gematria): It would be meaningless to bore you any further. Now, lead me to the doctrines beneath Trinity as you promised.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *signs*

Maestro (Gematria): Over there, then?

Maestro dips out to the right with Atsuko

Cut to Tsurugi

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Kyaaahahaha!

Justina girls get shot down and more appear.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): There’s no end to them. Just what are these things?

Hinata (The Sisterhood): Wh-What should we do? We still need to get Sensei to safety.
Rat Rat Rat Rat Sounds

Misaki (Arius Squad): That weapon sounds like…!

Hina (Prefect Team): This way!

Sensei (Choice): Hina!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): The Gehenna’s head Prefect!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hiyori. You were unable to contain Hina?

Radio Sounds
Hiyori (Arius Squad): *cough* *cough* S-Sorry. We couldn’t stop her. She knocked us down and slipped by us before the Council could manifest.

Hina (Prefect Team): Justice Task Force! Bring Sensei this way! There’s no time!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): …

Hina (Prefect Team): …

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Understood.
Sensei, please make your retreat in that direction while we hold off the enemy! The head prefect will lead you to safety!

Sensei (Choice): What about all of you?!

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): We’ll be fine. Let us cover your escape route.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Yes. The head prefect is right. This is our only option to prevent the worst from happening.

Sensei (Choice): But…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Sensei! The Trinity’s leadership has been completely wiped out! The Sisterhood and the Tea Party are nowhere to be found!
If something were to happen to you too… there’s no way we’d be able to recover from this!

Sensei (Choice): …!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): That’s why your safety is of the highest priority. Please…!

Hina (Prefect Team): There’s no time!

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Sensei!

Hinata (The Sisterhood): We’re begging you! You have to go now!

Sensei (Choice): …
Sensei (Choice): Run toward Hina.

Go to Black

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Head Prefect! Make sure Sensei gets to safety!

Hina (Prefect Team): Of course.
We don’t have any way of resisting those monsters right now, Sensei. Our only hope is to create a brief opening and escape through it.
Tch.

Sensei (Choice): You’re Injured.

Hina (Prefect Team): It’s nothing I can’t handle… Follow me--don’t fall behind!
I’m going to clear the path for us!

COMBAT START

<<END OF EPISODE>>






















EP 9 - Bearing Witness to Hatred
Combat: Justina Council, Misaki, 2.5k Healthbar Saori
Skip Text: The Council’s relentless attacks persist.

Hina (Prefect Team): *pant* *pant* …
Hang on just a little longer, Sensei. There should be a car we can use just past here.

Justina Council guys and Hiyori

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-There she is! It’s Hina!

Hina (Prefect Team): Don’t you know when to give up…?

COMBAT START
After Combat

Hina (Prefect Team): *pant* *pant* …
Ugh…

Blackscreen with a thud

Sensei (Choice): Hina!

Misaki (Arius Squad): The Gehenna head prefect… has fallen.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Finally… I’m surprised she made it so far with those kinds of wounds.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …
Saori (Arius Squad): All key figures of Trinity and Gehenna have been dealt with. You’re the only one that remains, Sensei of Schale.

Sensei (Choice): And you all must be Arius’ Squad.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hmm.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Heehee…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Correct--we are Squad. It’s good to finally meet you, and thank you for taking such good care of Azusa.

Sensei (Choice): …!

Saori (Arius Squad):  She seems to be doing well. We’ll have plenty of time to catch up with her soon enough.
We signed the treaty on Trinity’s behalf at the Cathedral of Communion.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Sensei (Choice): Why would you do that?

Saori (Arius Squad): Because in the name of paradise, we, Arius’ Squad, will become the Eden Treaty Organization: a new armed force that will guard the treaty’s sanctity.

Sensei (Choice): …!

Saori (Arius Squad): It was always meant to be our duty. That was the right to be given to us at the First Council.
But Trinity saw fit to trample on that duty. We were persecuted and blamed for every conflict of the age--suppressed and made to be scapegoats.
However, with the ETO’s authority, we now have the power to designate who will be suppressed.
Gehenna and Trinity have both already defied the treaty in the moments after its signing. They’re targets which must be eliminated.

Sensei (Choice): You can’t be serious…

Saori (Arius Squad): Trinity and Gehenna will be erased from Kivotos.
They will disappear together, just like the commandments’ guardians.
And everyone will bear witness to the hatred we’ve harbored for the centuries after the First Council.
But before that, there’s one last element to take care of.

Sensei (Choice): (So this is what it’s like to have a gun pointed at you…)

Saori (Arius Squad): She said you would be the largest obstacle to our plan.

BANG

Hina (Prefect Team): Gahhhhhh!

Saori (Arius Squad): Sorasaki Hina! How can you still move?!

Hina (Prefect Team): Sena! This way!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): A-An ambulance?

Car Screeching

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): This way, Sensei! Take my hand!

Saori (Arius Squad): Don’t think it’ll be that easy!

More Gun shots

Hiyori (Arius Squad): H-How can she still have this much strength?

Misaki (Arius Squad): We lost them.

Saori (Arius Squad): That’s fine. Hina may have tried her best to shield Sensei, but I can confirm Sensei was hit.
They’re not a denizen of Kivotos. Without a halo, it’s only a matter of time before Sensei falls to death’s embrace.
Still… Why would she go so far to protect Sensei? Are they truly that Important?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Hime’s signing something… Everything would have gone according to plan without Sensei? And Azusa wouldn’t have betrayed us?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Fade to black

Sensei (Choice): (My stomach… It’s so hot.)

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): Listen closely, Sensei. You’ve been shot.
Count yourself lucky that none of your vitals were hit, but you’ll bleed out if we don’t treat you.
I’m going to start administering first aid. Don’t be afraid to cry out of it hurts.
I won’t let you die. This is what the Medical Emergency Club is trained for.

Sensei (Choice): (I’m going to pass out…)

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Hmm. Nice of you to join us.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I didn’t expect you to actually show yourself. You could have just run away.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): H-Heehee. I guess It's been a while…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): *inhale* … *exhale*

Saori (Arius Squad): How have you been, Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Why? How dare you...?

Saori (Arius Squad): You already know the answer to that. There's no place for you--neither with Trinity or Schale
There's no place in the world that accepts murderers like us.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): How DARE you harm Sensei?!

Saori (Arius Squad): Even if such a place existed, it would be fleeting and vanish in the blink of an eye... just as your Sensei has now.
Everything is in vain, so why try to fight it, Shirasu Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): SAORIII!!!

Saori (Arius Squad): Even now, you're dozing away in a sweet dream. I have no choice but to wake you up from it, then.
I'll wake you from those dreams again and again, as many times as it takes.

Now, come.

Sensei (Choice): Isn't this…?

Seia (Tea Party): Nice to meet you, Sensei.
I'm Yurizono Seia.
We're in your dream... or maybe this is my dream.

Sensei (Choice): Seia...

Seia (Tea Party): Ah. So maybe this isn't our first meeting.
That could be the case. The flow of time has become rather convoluted to me.
Regardless, I’m glad to have this opportunity to speak with you.
So, shall we begin unraveling this story?

<<EPISODE END>>










EP 10 - Sweet Lies
Sensei again meets Seia in their dreams and hears about the connection between the Eden Treaty and Gematria. Azusa is captured by Arius but makes a miraculous escape, an all-out battle between Gehenna and the Tea Party’s reserve forces unfolds.

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei, you’re an outsider to Kivotos, so surely you understand the importance of promises such as contracts, deals… and other similar bindings, correct?
Have you ever heard the phrase, “making a deal with the devil”?
History is full of tales of transcendental entities being defeated after making a promise.
It makes you think, doesn't it?
A promise can bind you, control you--even define you. Whether it’s spoken or even on a scrap of paper.
Contracts, commandments, promises… These are fundamentally important to the foundation of Kivotos, just like in tales of old.
For example, Trinity’s scriptures tell of the ten commandments our ancestors promised to keep with the divine.
The text also tells us that, long ago, we were expelled from paradise for breaking that promise.

Fade to Hoshino’s resignation letter

Seia (Tea Party): But you’re already familiar with the power of a promise. You used it to save someone.

Fade to Black Suit

Seia (Tea Party): Recall what Gematria required of the Abydos students to make a contract…
…but once that contract was invalid, Gematria had no choice but to retreat.

Fade back to Seia

Seia (Tea Party): …
This incident is similar.
At its core, the Eden Treaty is an agreement between two academies.
However, consider the special site in which it was to be held.
Also evaluate the authority held by the representatives gathered to finalize the treaty.
The Arius Squad used these elements to twist the Eden Treaty into recreating the conditions of the First Council.
Even the guardians of the original commandments, the Saint Justina Council, were brought forth via Mimesis.
In other words, they’ve twisted the contract and manipulated its outcome for their own gain.
Much like how Gematria said adults should act, isn’t that right?
…
Let me be clear. I know of that because I’ve been observing them through your dreams.
They’re beyond my understanding, I’m afraid. Incomprehensible.
But, yes. Gematria are the ones backing Arius.
Now Arius has a formidable army at their disposal that will not relent and cannot die.

Fade to Black

Seia (Tea Party): And they’ve done it under the name of the same paradise from which we were expelled: Eden.

Fade to Azusa in City.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): AHHHHHH!

Black Screen with a thud. [I didnt hear it but I assumed it cus I was listening to music.]

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oof. That looked like it hurt.

Saori (Arius Squad): So naive.
Attacking without thinking. Have you lost your touch, Azusa?
Guerrilla warfare is your specialty. Outwit and attack the enemy when they’re at their most vulnerable. Are you foolish enough to think you have a chance attacking me head on?

Another Black Screen [I think this one was a punch]

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): G-Gahhh…
Saori… What have you done? What are you hoping to… accomplish…?

Saori (Arius Squad): How much time do we have?

Misaki (Arius Squad): About five minutes. Both academies’ reserve forces will have grasped the situation and arrived by then.

Saori (Arius Squad): That should be enough, Stand her up.
You saved me the trouble of finding you, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Your betrayal caused us to change our plans somewhat, but in the end, it was nothing we couldn’t account for.
I expected Mika to join us today, but we have no use for that foolish girl anymore regardless.
Nagisa was a threat, but even she didn’t suspect what would happen by simply attending the signing ceremony.
Even the Sisterhood has been disposed of--an added bonus.
So allow me to answer your questions.
We’ve stolen the Eden Treaty.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Saori (Arius Squad): We dropped a cruise missile on the cathedral playing host to the ceremony, wiped out the zealots, and captured the treaty for ourselves.

Azusa has a 3 dot speech bubble.

Saori (Arius Squad): You seem confused.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Did you forget, Azusa? We’re entitled to represent Trinity.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): Consider this treaty the revival of the First Council--the time where all factions that would make up Trinity gathered. All except Arius.
By reenacting that day, we still have authority.
The Treaty reads, “When a dispute arises between Trinity and Gehenna, the dispute shall be handled through the Eden Treaty Organization…”
All we did was add to that clause. It continues to say, “... and Arius Satellite School’s Squad shall act as said Eden Treaty Organization.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-That by itself wouldn’t mean much. Well, if not for the commandments that is.

Fade to 3 Justina Members (Mimesified)

Saori (Arius Squad): The Saint Justina Council.
The guardians of the commandments and Trinity’s legendary armed forces.
To be exact, the ones before are just Mimesises, but they’ll carry out their sacred duty all the same.
Any hostilities between Trinity and Gehenna will be considered a violation of the divine commandments and will be handled accordingly.
Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Now I understand.
This attack wasn’t about eliminating the leaders of both academies or causing chaos.
This was about revising the Eden Treaty and securing those mysterious soldiers.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *sign language* 

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): No, Atsuko. I can’t go back.

Saori (Arius Squad): It’s useless to try to win her over, Hime. This one’s will is too stubborn to be broken so easily.
That’s right. There’s been someone by her side encouraging that stubbornness, hasn’t there?
A wicked adult that distorts the truth of this world and has filled your head with lies.
But now they’ve been dealt with. We can begin re-educating you slowly, from the very beginning. There’s no rush.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): What have you done to Sensei?!

Saori (Arius Squad): You seemed to be enjoying yourself at Trinity.
Were you having fun? Did you take a liking to those people and think that they understood you?
How futile.
We’re the only ones who could ever understand you. We’re the only ones who would accept the real you. This is where you belong.
You’ve averted your eyes from the truth and been blinded by nothing but sweet lies. Your weakness is to blame for your defeat.
Do you wish to stop us?
Then destroy my halo, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Saori (Arius Squad): The commandments will last for eternity so long as we, the arbiters of this treaty, still exist.
There’s no other way to stop us.
But ask yourself: Are you truly capable of that? You failed your mission to destroy Seia’s halo.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Saori (Arius Squad):  You did your best to wash your hands of the matter. You even tried to deceive us. But in the end, you don’t have what it takes.
It’s only a matter of time before we find Seia again and finish what you couldn’t.
What is this? A stuffed animal?

Explosion!

Saori (Arius Squad): …!

Azusa used Nigerundayo. It is super effective!

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa! Still trying to run away?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): That was one of the Tea Party’s support unit’s artillery, Leader. They responded quicker than expected.

More Explosion!

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’re taking fire from 50 millimeter mortars in the other direction as well. Those must be Prefect Team grenadiers.
They also responded quicker than expected, even with Hina indisposed.

Cut to city scape.

Tea Party Head of Security (Tea Party): Gehenna has betrayed us! Defeat them, and save the wounded!

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): Visibility Improving!
Gehenna grenadiers spotted up ahead!

Cut to Ruins

Ako (Prefect Team): How dare they lay a finger on the head prefect. They must pay for this. Wipe out Trinity’s forces and save the president!
Support units, seek out and aid the wounded!

Prefect Team Member (Prefect Team): What about you, Senior Administrator? You’re wounded.

Ako (Prefect Team): Never mind me! All that matters is finding and securing the head prefect!

Cut back to Arius

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-I’ve confirmed Gehenna and the Tea Party’s reserve forces standing outside the cathedral have also begun to move!
Both academies’ armored divisions will be here soon.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa…

Misaki (Arius Squad): We can deal with her later, Leader. What are your orders?

Saori (Arius Squad): …
We’ve secured the Council.
Next is Trinity. We’ll use the underground passageways to infiltrate their campus.
Even if it was just for a time, Azusa came to call that place her home. She sought to replace where she came from with those delusions. So I’ll erase it--there won’t be a single trace left.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-That’s what she gets for her treachery, huh?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’ve infiltrated Trinity’s inner grounds before during the attacks on Seia and Nagisa. This should be simple enough.
As for Gehenna, they can be dealt with at a later time. They’re no threat without Hina. I have no objections, Leader.
I suggest we wait here until that wooden doll secures the tactical weapon we were promised. We can deal with the tanks and reserve forces in the meantime.

Boom

Saori (Arius Squad): I suppose that would be for the best. Let’s show them just who they’re dealing with.
Welcome, Trinity--the originators of our suffering--and the contemptible recreants from the pits of Gehenna.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-Wha…?! We’re gonna fight them here after all?
Oh. Th-That’s gonna be tough--really tough…but I guess there’s no getting around that, huh? Heh…

Justina Council Members

Saori (Arius Squad): Hear my words, Council! Follow the orders of the ETO and eliminate these heretics!

Black Screen

Trinity Student: Wh-Who are they?!

Gehenna Student: A-Are these ghosts?! Ahhhhh!
Gunshots
<<Episode End>>

EP 11 - Aggravated Confusion Part 1
The Former Make-Up Work Club are scattered after arriving late. Hanako heads to the cathedral. Koharu is summoned to the Justice TAsk Force and grapples with what to do. A Gehenna ambulance with an injured Sensei arrives at Trinity’s main gate as martial law is declared.

Trinity Student A: Ahhhhhh!

Trinity Student B: W-Wait! You mustn’t leave campus grounds!

Trinity Student C: Gehenna is going to attack! We have to do something!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, no…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Things are in utter disarray.

Mari (The Sisterhood): Hanako! Make-Up Work Club!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Mari?

Koharu Question Mark

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It IS you, Mari! I’m glad you’re safe.

Mari (The Sisterhood): You just missed it! Some of the Tea Party’s radical followers issued mobilization orders. They’re conscripting students.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What?! They shouldn’t have that authority.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What's going on?

Mari (The Sisterhood): Sakurako is also missing. The only person who can respond to this crisis is… you, Hanako.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): But there’s something I…

Mari (The Sisterhood): Hanako…

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): Hey, you! Over there!

Koharu Question Mark 2

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): You’re one of ours, correct? An emergency draft has been issued. Report to the club room immediately!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-Who me? But I…

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): The president and vice president are missing! We have to hurry!

JTF Member zooms away

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): But I’m, um…

Hifumi dots…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Go. There are people who need both of you. I’ll continue looking for Azusa.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Are you sure?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): B-But, Hifumi…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I’ll be fine. In fact, Azusa might just come back on her own. I’ll contact you as soon as I see her.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): O-Okay! I’ll see you later!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Understood. Let’s be off, Mari!

Mari (The Sisterhood): Y-Yes!

Fade to Black Then back to Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …
Oh, Azusa… What in the heck is going on?

Another fade to black, going to a caged in room.

Announcer: A sudden explosion at the Eden Treaty signing ceremony has left everything surrounding the cathedral in utter chaos!
Just what happened when-- *click*

Close up Mika appears

Mika (Tea Party): …
I tried to warn you, Nagi.
There was no other way for things to go.
This is the kind of world we live in.
It is what is, just as Seia said.
…

Fade to Black, Fade to Ruins.

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): A sudden explosion at the Eden Treaty signing ceremony has left everything surrounding the cathedral in utter chaos!
The two academies’ security forces are now advancing upon the cathedral!
We don’t have a visual from here, but the sound of gunfire and explosions means the fighting has broken out!
The number of casualties and extend of the damage have yet to be confirmed, and-
Breaking news! The Tea Party has called for an urgent meeting at Trinity.
We’re now getting word that the Pandemonium Society has done the same at Gehenna. Are the two academies preparing to declare a state of emergency?

BOOM

Mai (Kronos School of Journalism): Shinon! Don’t you think it’s time we retreat too?!

Shinon (Kronos School of Journalism): Good thinking, Mai. Our broadcast will continue once we’ve made it to a safe distance!

Fade to Black then a Library

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood): Has the cause of the explosion been found?

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): Where is Sakurako?! How many were injured?! Has no one heard from Nagisa?!

Sisterhood Admin C (The Sisterhood): President Tsurugi and Vice President Hasumi are still unaccounted for!

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood): What of the Sisters’ mobilization orders? We may have to declare martial law at this rate…

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): Suspicious activity has been reported at the Tea Party headquarters. Representatives from each faction are beginning to gather there.

Sisterhood Admin B (The Sisterhood): The Sisters that were put on standby at the cathedral are now engaging Gehenna’s forces. Awaiting orders!

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood): Then our focus must be Sorasaki Hina!

Hanko appears with a few dots.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Everyone, please calm down!

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood): Urawa Hanako? What is it you want?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Let me take things from here… at Sakurako’s request.

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood): Wh-What was that?

Mari (The Sisterhood): She’s speaking the truth. Sakurako asked that Hanako take command should anything happen to her. I can vouch for that.

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood):  Even IF those are Sakurako’s orders, she is still an outsider.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We don’t have time for that. A temporary chain of command needs to be established in the absence of all Tea Party hosts!
Or else Trinity will collapse from the top down!

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood): …!
Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): This is the flaw with a triumvirate system. With all three hosts gone, chaos is beginning to reign.
The different factions each member used to keep in check are going rampant!
Our top priority is to regain control and calm the situation.

Sisterhood Officer (The Sisterhood): Understood. If this is what Sakurako wanted…

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): Yes. No objections.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Let’s hurry and establish the chain of command. Then do what you can to stop the skirmishes that have broken out.
Take care to evacuate any wounded you find!
Our forces will also need to gather every bit of information from their surroundings, including eyewitness testimony along the way.

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): A riot has broken out at the Building 14! The Pater faction is heading to Tea Party HQ to demand martial law be declared as we speak!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Already? Please contact the Justice Task Force. We need to be in touch with the next in command in case of Tsurugi and Hasumi’s absence.
No, wait. They’re likely in utter chaos as well… How many forces do we have available right now?!

Background fades to black with Hanako remaining

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): (I’m sorry, Hifumi. It looks like I’ll have my hands full here longer than I thought.)
(I’m going to do everything I can. I just pray the others will be safe.)

Fade to black, scene to park outside JTF HQ, Many FTF Members shuffle around

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): W-We’ve received a request for reinforcements at Building 14 from a Tea Party officer!

Justice Task Force Member B (Justice Task Force): But weren’t we ordered to head straight to the cathedral?

Justice Task Force Member D (Justice Task Force): Now the Sisterhood is contacting us! What should we do?

Justice Task Force Member C (Justice Task Force): Now isn’t the time to follow orders from other organizations! Our top priority is to save President Tsurugi and Vice President Hasumi!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): U-Um…

Justice Task Force Member D (Justice Task Force): We’re also receiving reports from our members that have been dispatched around the city.

The Member shakes and zooms away

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): U-Um, excuse me…
I, uh… What am I supposed to do now?

Justice Task Force Member E (Justice Task Force): Hey, you! Don’t just stand there! Get back to your position!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Huh? My position?
The contraband storage?

Fade to black, switch to a gate of Trinity. Car sounds.


Trinity Student A: What’s one of Gehenna’s Vehicles doing here?!

Trinity Student B: It looks like an ambulance. Is the driver out of her mind? Doesn’t she realize the situation we’re in?
Trinity Student C: Stop her in her tracks! She’s going to have to learn the hard way!  

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): I’ve come to transport someone who’s been critically injured. Please clear the way. This is an emergency.

Trinity Student A: Injured? Who cares about Gehenna’s wounded?!

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): …

???: Please stop!

Hanae and Serina appear!

Trinity Student A: The Remedial Knights?

Hanae (Remedial Knights): You know better than to attack an ambulance carrying the wounded! We aren’t going to stand back and allow that!

Serina (Remedial Knights): You’ll have to go through us first. Captain mine would be so disappointed in this situation if she were here!

Trinity Student A: The captain of the Remedial Knights…?

Trinity Student B: You mean the same Mine that destroys everything and has her knights pick up the pieces?! That’s who you’re threatening us with?!

Serina (Remedial Knights): I-It isn’t like that! The captain doesn’t mean to do any harm. She’s just a little anachronistic is all…

Trinity Student C: More like delusional!

Hanae (Remedial Knights): Wh-What do we do now? I think mentioning the captain backfired.

Serina (Remedial Knights): I’ll say. I knew the captain’s reputation preceded her, but I didn’t know it had gotten this bad…

Hanae (Remedial Knights): She is always saying things like, “It’s more effective to remove the cause of a wound than treat it.”

Hanae gets assaulted by a zooming in Trinity Student

Hanae (Remedial Knights): H-Hey, back up! Come any closer and you’re getting an injection!

???: Flash grenade incoming!

Screen goes white [My Eyes have been destroyed]

Trinity Student A: Ahhhhh! My eyes! I can’t see!

Trinity Student B: I think I’m gonna pass out! Everything spinning!

Trinity Student C: Wh-What’s going on?! 

The screen finally returns to normal [And saves my eyes, it's like 2 AM when I'm writing this down.]

Suzumi (Trinity’s Vigilante Crew): That’s enough. The Vigilante Crew won’t overlook such egregious disturbances to the peace.

Hanae (Remedial Knights): Th-The Vigilante Crew?!

Serina (Remedial Knights): Suzumi!
Suzumi (Trinity’s Vigilante Crew): I owe you Remedial Knights for all the help you’ve given me.
The wounded deserve to be cared for, regardless of their affiliation.

Trinity Student A: The Vigilante Crew… I heard they even clash with the Justice Task Force when they have to.

Trinity Student B: They’re even crazier than the Remedial Knights.

Trinity Student C: We don’t have time for this. Let’s get out of here.

They zoom away.

Hanae (Remedial Knights): *sigh* They finally left.

Serina (Remedial Knights): Thanks for the help, Suzumi. You saved us.

Suzumi (Trinity’s Vigilante Crew): Not at all. It’s only natural for a vigilante to help when the peace is being disturbed.
Hmm?

Reisa (Trinity’s Vigilante Crew): Suzumi! This is it! It’s the Vigilante Crew’s time to shine!
I, Uzawa Reisa, ace of the Vigilante Crew and idol to all, shall join you!

Suzumi (Trinity’s Vigilante Crew): Sorry about that. I should go check on the others before they get carried away.

Suzumi Zooms away.

Serina (Remedial Knights): W-Wait, Suzumi!

Hanae (Remedial Knights): Too late. There she goes, gone with the wind like always.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): Ahem. I should be thanking you, Remedial Knights.

Serina (Remedial Knights): Oh, right! Don’t mention it. That emblem means you’re from Gehenna’s Medical Emergency Club, right? Why bring a patient to Trinity’s main building?

Hanae (Remedial Knights): Could the patient inside be from Trinity?

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): No. It's Schale’s [Name] Sensei.

Serina (Remedial Knights): What?!

Hanae (Remedial Knights): S-Sensei?!

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): Correct. Sensei suffered a gunshot wound.

The 2 Knights leave a few dots…

Everyone: WHAT?!

<<Episode End!>>













EP 12 - Aggravated Confusion Part 2
Analysis reveals the projectiles were launched from Trinity, not Gehenna. Knowing the Saint Justina Council was present at the time of the explosion, Hanako warns that if worst comes to worst, both Trinity and Gehenna may be wiped from the face of Kivotos.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What’s Sensei’s Condition?!

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): Sensei is currently being treated in the Remedial Knights’ infirmary. They’ve lost a lot of blood according to one member, but the wound has been treated.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Will Sensei be alright?

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): Yes, the Knights believe so. The injury isn’t life threatening, but the patient remains unconscious.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei…

Sisterhood Analyst (The Sisterhood): Projectile analysis is complete! We’ve discovered that the weapon that struck the cathedral lacked a ramjet engine!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): That’s impossible. How could Gehenna have gotten their hands on weaponry unlike anything else in Kivotos?

Sisterhood Analyst (The Sisterhood): I’m tracking the launch location now.

Sisterhood Admin B (The Sisterhood): Was it fired from their campus?

Sisterhood Analyst (The Sisterhood): N-No. The location is…
I can’t pinpoint it exactly, but it unquestionably came from within the Trinity district!
Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Sisterhood Analyst (The Sisterhood): We’re receiving the restored camera footage from the explosion now. It’s consistent with reports from our forces currently engaging Gehenna at the cathedral.
I’ll play it now!

Fade to black, Ruins and Boom, and the Justina Council is there!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What am I looking at?
Are these what Sensei and the others were fighting against?

Mari (The Sisterhood): Those outfits…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It’s the Saint Justina Council!

Mari (The Sisterhood): Wh-What?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mari (The Sisterhood): Hanako…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Background fades to black with Hanako remaining.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

PV Images flash by, 3 in total, Saint Justina Council, One I didn't catch and the Flags from Gehenna and Trinity.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The Council, the Eden Treaty, and the attacks on the Tea Party…

More PV Images, Arius Squad, the Bomb timer, I didn't catch this one, Hifumi looking at the rocket.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The Arius Squad, the First Council, the cathedral, the target, the timing of the coup d’état…

Images of a cave, a festival park and Arius school Logo.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The catacombs, the rumors about the theme park, the location of Arius’ district…

Picture of the Saint Justina Council, again but zoomed in. Trinity and Gehenna staring at each other from PV and the Handshake.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The guardians of the commandments, the Eden Treaty, Eden, paradise…

Screen goes to white

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mari (The Sisterhood): Hanako? Are you okay?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …
I may have an idea.
It relies on making several assumptions, but if my theory is correct…
… we may already be too late.

Mari (The Sisterhood): Huh?
Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It will only be a matter of time before Trinity and Gehenna disappear from Kivotos if things continue like this.

Fade to Black

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Just as Arius did after the First Council.

<<EPISODE END>>








EP 13 - A Side Beyond Reach
Azusa conceals her whereabouts, but Hifumi manages to find her. Azusa pushes Hifumi away, blaming herself for causing everyone to suffer, and is determined to destroy Saori’s halo. Azusa thanks Hifumi and departs, leaving Hifumi to call out Azusa’s name.

Seia (Tea Party): …
Interesting.
Hanako is a smart girl. She was able to discern the truth  with what little information she had.
She understood the circumstances, the culprit, and the fact that she has no means to stop it.
It's tragic. Hanako realized all of this just as she was growing to appreciate Trinity.
…
She’s not the only one who has arrived at the truth.
Hifumi received a message while searching for Azusa.
It was a text that only contained coordinates, a time, and an animal name as a code word. Peculiar, but Hifumi must have realized who the sender was.

Fade to Black.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa?
It’s me. Where are you? I came like you told me to.
Are you there, Azusa? Please answer me…

A Little Black flicker as a silhouette of Azusa appears.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Where have you been? The entire district is in panic right now!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I know.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa…?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Someone has to put a stop to this.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): What do you mean? What’s wrong?
Azusa?

Hifumi slowly zooms towards Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Don’t come any closer!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …
Thank you, Hifumi.
But this is goodbye. You mustn’t come any closer.
One more step. One more step and you’ll be somewhere students don’t belong.
This is where I belong--not you.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa? I’m not sure what you’re talking about.
Are you saying that I’m not good enough? Is that what you mean?

Azusa dots

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): This place isn’t for a normal girl like you, Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But, Azusa…!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Murderer.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Can you be friends with a murderer?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): What are you saying…?
M-Murder? You wouldn’t do something like that…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It’s my fault.
I'm responsible for what happened to Sensei. Everyone is suffering because of me.

Black Screen
Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The Justice Task Force, the Tea Party, the Sisterhood, even the students from Gehenna.
Seia is comatose, the city is being destroyed… and it’s all my fault.
It’s only a matter of time before you, Hanako, and Koharu will be in danger too.

Back to Bridge!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): D-Don’t say that. It’s not your fault.
Everything will be okay.
Sensei is going to wake up soon. I just know it.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi.
The real world isn’t full of happy endings.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I have to go now. I must destroy Saori’s halo.
There’s no other way to end this.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-You can’t be serious. There must be another way.

Short Black Screen as Azusa dons her Gas Mask

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I’m a killer.
That is what I was trained to be. I was taught to kill as though it were as natural as breathing.
This is the real me.
I don’t belong in the world you are from, Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That… Isn’t true.


Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I’ll never forget those days we spent together and the things we learned.
I’m grateful I had the opportunity to be a real student.
Goodbye, Hifumi. Take care.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa?
Please, don’t go.
There has to be another way. I’m sure Sensei and the others will…
Azusa…
We promised we’d all go to the beach together next time. We still need to see the debut of Peroro’s new anime.
I…
You can’t leave me like this…
Azusa!!!

<<Episode End.>>

EP 14 - A Light in the Darkness.
The Arius Squad and Council are blindsided by Azusa as they’re about to advance on Trinity. Azusa is captured, but manages to use the token Hifumi gave her to escape. She struggles with feelings of guilt over having used Hifumi’s precious gift as an explosive.

???: RAAAAAA…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-That must be it…

Saori (Arius Squad): A tactical weapon, hmm? It’s just a monster.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *inhale* *signing* *exhale*...

Misaki (Arius Squad): A Failure made from the doctrine of antiquity? Do you mean that doll, Hime?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *shakes head*
*inhale* *sign language* *exhale*

Misaki (Arius Squad): You’re making this difficult. It’s a failure, but it still fits the roll of a tactical weapon nonetheless?
Everything should be revealed shortly: the identity of the Council, this tactical weapon, and our next objective.

Saori (Arius Squad):  And by then it will be too late.
Contact the units on standby.
It’s time to advance upon Trinity.

Fade to black as it goes to various Trinity facilities, catacombs sewers etc. There are also alot of Justina Council Girls.

Saori (Arius Squad): Now, for the comm--
…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-What’s wrong?

Saori (Arius Squad): How much time has passed since we were last here?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): About three hours…?

Saori (Arius Squad): …
It’s her. She’s here.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Her?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *sign language*

Hiyori (Arius Squad): You mean Azusa?

Shaking

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Ahhhhhh!

Misaki (Arius Squad): A trap?! But when did she…?!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): There’s more of ‘em!

BOOM!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …!

Saori (Arius Squad): DON’T MOVE!

Misaki (Arius Squad): …!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): They’re only meant to disorient us. She’s trying to outwit us.
Azusa will strike when we’re most vulnerable. We must remain calm.

BOOM

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Ahhh! She set up timed ones too! We have to get outta here!

Hiyori zooms away.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hiyori!

Black Screen.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Damn it…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-I’m sorry. It hurts so much… Why must life always be suffering?

Shuffling, as the background returns.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hiyori was her first target. She wanted to deal with a potential sniper.

Saori (Arius Squad): Does this mean she plans on making this a close-quarters fight?

*click* *click*

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Grenade! From above!

Screen goes white as another explosion rings out.

Saori (Arius Squad): Stop hiding! Shirasu Azusa!

Azusa appears for a second, then zooms away.

Saori (Arius Squad): Do you think you can run?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Chasing after her is exactly what she wants.

Saori zooms away anyways.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I tried to stop her… Hime, how’s Hiyori?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *Inhale* *sign language*

Misaki (Arius Squad): I see.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *Inhale* *sign language* *exhale*

Misaki (Arius Squad): Then we’re in for a long battle if Azusa is determined.

Gunfire.

Misaki (Arius Squad): That sounds like the leader’s weapon. It must have started.

Boom

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): There’s no other choice. We should be going.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

They fade away as the screen cuts to a different part of the ruin.

Saori (Arius Squad): You can’t escape!

Azusa zooms through the screen, accompanied by Gunfire.

Saori (Arius Squad): Clever. You know you can’t defeat me head on, Azusa!
That’s why your only option is to run.

Boom!
Saori (Arius Squad): Your only hope is to take me by surprise!

Screen Transition!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): *pant* Around the next corner should be…

Azusa zooms from left to right and back, as suddenly Atsuko appears!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *click*

Azusa gets shot.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Ahhh!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Atsuko…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *Inhale* *sign language* *exhale*

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I won’t.

Azusa places something

*boom*!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …?!
And Azusa zooms away. As Saori Zooms in.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hold, Leader. We’re only going in circles.
It would be easier to summon the Council to deal with this.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *shakes head*

Saori (Arius Squad): The Council will only intervene in a conflict between Trinity and Gehenna. They may not acknowledge Azusa as a Trinity Student.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Really? That’s rather inconvenient.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *nod*

Saori (Arius Squad): So they may still recognize her as part of Squad.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Just as the commandments themselves are up to interpretation. It’s only natural that the position we’ve gained would have some disadvantages.

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes, that’s why we have to settle this on our own.
I’ve taught her everything she knows--the way she thinks, the way she fights… I’m the best-suited to defeat her.
Let’s keep up the pursuit.

Saori Zooms away.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’ll try the opposite direction. Hime, you pick a different path too.
Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

*rumble*

Misaki (Arius Squad): Was that an earthquake? No, it couldn’t be…
The entire floor…?

*rumble* *rumble*!

Misaki (Arius Squad): When could she have set this trap?! The entire floor is collapsing! Run!

*boom*!

Misaki (Arius Squad): *cough* *cough*...
I can’t move…

Saori (Arius Squad): AZUSAAAAAA!

More explosions

Misaki (Arius Squad): *cough*...

Gunfire.






Saori (Arius Squad): Checkmate.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Tch.


Saori (Arius Squad): A valiant effort, but this is the end of the line. I know how you fight, how you think, how you move.
Resisting was futile from the very beginning.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): How long…?
Saori (Arius Squad): …?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): How long did Arius have that cruise missile?
When did you gain control of those mysterious soldiers?
Even that bomb capable of shattering a halo shouldn’t have been possible.

Saori (Arius Squad): …
Do you understand why you were defeated, Azusa?
It’s because you're weak.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Saori (Arius Squad): What do you think qualifies someone to be a killer?
It’s obvious, isn’t it? They must have the intent to kill.
Saori (Arius Squad): The Scriptures say the first murder was carried out with but a single stone.
Now do you get it? It doesn’t matter what tool you use, so long as you have the intent to kill. That is what matters.
Whether it’s a missile or a stone, they’re only tools to carry out our own animosity. Nothing more, nothing less.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Saori…
Where does that hatred come from?

Saori (Arius Squad): …?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That hatred was only instilled into me at Arius… so where does it come from? Whose is it?

Black Screen

Saori (Arius Squad): Futile.

Bang

Saori (Arius Squad): You’re weak, Shirasu Azusa. Your weakness is a disease that binds and gnaws at you.
Just like that stuffed animal you can’t let go of, even now.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Saori (Arius Squad): The first gift you ever received from a friend, hmm?
Futile.
Saori Lights Azusa up, there are 3 Pictures but I think 1 gets the gist.

Saori (Arius Squad): Futile. Futile. Futile. Futile. Futile.

Reload, and one more lighting up.

Saori (Arius Squad): Futile. Futile. Futile. Futile. Futile.

Saori can't stop shooting Azusa.

Saori (Arius Squad): Futile. Futile. Futile. Futile. Futile.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): A-Ahhhhhhghhh…!

Saori (Arius Squad): It’s futile, Shirasu Azusa.
Friendship?! It’s nothing but futility and something to be done away with! Her name was Hifumi, was it?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *shakes head*

Saori (Arius Squad): Stand aside, Hime.
I’m holding back. I know her limits.

Azusa gets up and fucking dips away.

Saori (Arius Squad): Running again, are you?!

Boom!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …
Saori (Arius Squad): She got away.
Well, no matter. She’ll be back.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …?


Saori (Arius Squad): She dropped this thing that’s supposed to symbolize their friendship.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): I have no doubt she’ll be back for it.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *Inhale* *sign language* *exhale*

Saori (Arius Squad): Why am I so sure? Because an insect that finds light in the darkness becomes unable to live without it.
This worthless thing is her light--it’s her hope keeping her going.
She won’t give it up so easily. Azusa will have no choice but to return.
And when she does, I’ll capture her and remind her of the truth of this world…
Fade to black
…by force if I must.

Beep Beep Beep.
Saori (Arius Squad): Hmm?
Is there something inside of it?

Saori (Arius Squad): …!
From the Seia operation!
Hime, run!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …!

BOOOOOOOOM

Transition to a raining background.
Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …
…
*sob*
*sniffle* *sob*
I’m sorry, Hifumi. So sorry…
Now there’s no turning back.
Transition to Black
*sob* Goodbye, everyone. I’m sorry… Ahhhhhh! *sob*

Rain SFX.

<<End of Episode.>>














EP 15 - In Response to the Fifth Koan
Seia tells Sensei the Eden Treaty will lead to desolation and the fifth koan remains impossible to substantiate. Sensei leaves, determined to help the students in the present rather than despair over the proposition’s ambiguity or the uncertainty of the future.

Seia (Tea Party): Right.
This is where all of that struggling has led to.
I warned Azusa that this would be the outcome…
…but she clung onto hope nonetheless.
…
It’s time I told you the end of the story. The conclusion.
This is an ending where everything is in vain, and delving deeper will only lead to more suffering.
The climax to a story where one person is forced to kill another--where they must become a murderer.
It’s a story meant to make you uncomfortable, uneasy, and leave you unhappy.
Gloomy, sad, painful, and ultimately bittersweet.
But entirely truthful.
That’s the essence of this tale.
…
Do you remember, Sensei, what you said in response to the fifth koan?
“You have to believe in paradise, and you have to put trust in others.”
This is the result of that trust.
It was a paradox to begin with--the Eden Treaty being a promise to put an end to hatred once and for all.
That simply isn’t possible.
Ironically, the treaty bares the name of paradise. The General Student Council president always did have an unpalatable sense of humor.

The PV Screens of Gehenna opposing Trinity show

Seia (Tea Party): You’ve witnessed it yourself. The hatred between Gehenna and Trinity…

PV of Arius

Seia (Tea Party): Arius’ deep-seeded animosity…
The treaty bearing the name of a paradise that cannot be proven was signed, driven by their rancor.

Back to normal BG yay

Seia (Tea Party): A fitting end for those of us who were exiled from paradise, don’t you think?

Sensei: I get it now, Seia.

Seia Question Marks

Sensei: You don’t know what happens next either, do you?
Seia (Tea Party): Huh?
No, because there’s no point in knowing. What happens next is like an epilogue after the ending.
Knowing will only lead to more sadness and suffering.
I’m confused, then. What is there to “get,” Sensei?

Sensei: You’re afraid of finding out what happens after.

Seia (Tea Party): What…makes you think that?

Sensei: That’s why you’re hiding in your dreams and won’t wake up.

Seia (Tea Party): I’m not…
Sensei, what are you saying?

Sensei: It was nice seeing you, but I have to go./There’s somewhere else I need to be.

Seia (Tea Party): What? You’re going back?
Stop. Unlike me, your body hasn’t fully recovered.
Even if you manage to wake up now, nothing will change. That’s what I foresee.
It’s the truth of the world, as told by the seven koans!

Sensei: I’m not interested in proving paradise./I don’t care about the koan’s riddles.

Seia (Tea Party): …
Are you denying the seven koans?
But why? The existence of paradise is life’s ultimate question. If its existence can’t be proven, then nothing can be.
Are you trying to say that you still believe in paradise?
You can’t prove it, but you choose to have blind faith that it exists?
“Can we prove anyone has ever reached paradise?” The question isn’t really about proving the existence of paradise…
… but simply a koan about the nature of faith. Is that what you’re implying?

Sensei: Sorry. My students are waiting for me.

Sensei: See you later, Seia.

Seia (Tea Party): Wait, Sensei! There’s still one more thing I must ask you!
Faith alone won’t change anything. It won’t stop your prayers from falling on deaf ears!
Where is the rationale that faith can change the world?!

Hanako flashes up on screen…

Sensei: If you believe your bikini bottoms are panties, then they’re panties.

Seia (Tea Party): …?
P-Panties…?
I’m not sure I follow. A-And what do they have to do with bikini bottoms? Is this some type of koan? I’ve never heard this one before.

Sensei: Leave.

Seia (Tea Party): …
So that’s how it is.
You intend to see the epilogue after all, Sensei.
Leaving me here, hiding in my dreams…
…
I…
Perhaps you were right. Maybe I am afraid of finding out what happens next.
What’s on the next page…
Must I see the story all the way to the end?
I suppose that’s my duty.
…
Very well, Sensei.
Even if it’s a gloomy, sad, painful, and ultimately bittersweet story…
… I will see it through to the end.

<<Episode End!>>







EP 16 - Bits and Pieces
Seia considers everything entangled in the Eden Treaty. Saori survives with Atsuko’s help, and Hina vanishes. The Tea Party arrests Hanako and Mika is released. Azusa resolves to stop Saori, and Hifumi enters Trinity’s gates. Sensei wakes up in the hospital.

Seia (Tea Party): Azusa…
You turned the gift you cherished as much as your life into a murder weapon.
The bomb that was meant to destroy my halo.
You still had it all this time.

The scene shifts to the Arius guys

Saori (Arius Squad): H-Hime?!
Hime!!!

Seia (Tea Party): …
However, Saori is still alive. Her wounds may be grave, but she lived…
…because Atsuko protected her.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime, get a hold of yourself…! Atsuko!

Seia (Tea Party): Atsuko, the one they refer to as Hime…
She must be precious to Saori.

To a cave

Maestro (Gematria): …
The royal blood’s strength has weakened… Could she be dead?
I can’t have my experiments disrupted. The Communio Sanctorum is not yet ready.
…
Ah. Perhaps I was mistaken.
She had already taken precautions. Such is the course of one with precious royal blood.
So be it. It will take time, but it’s the least I can do for a temporary comrade.
Continue the experiment.

The Scene returns to the Arius girls.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Sa…o…

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime! Are you okay?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *nod*

Saori (Arius Squad): Thank goodness…
She won’t get away with this.
Azusa… How are you hurt Hime?
You’ll pay for this… Azusa!

Seia (Tea Party): So Atsuko is still alive.
Yet I have little doubt that bomb would have destroyed my halo.
It even wounded Saori despite her being shielded from the brunt of it.
Perhaps Atsuko’s halo has its own guardian angel.
…
Regardless, this is sure to throw a wrench into Arius Squad’s plans.
Their all-out assault on Trinity has been delayed, and their hold on the Council has been weakened.
The fighting at the cathedral is also slowing down.
It will be possible to search and rescue the wounded with the two sides at a stalemate.
As for Azusa… This new turn of events may ease her despair, if only slightly.

Scene goes to the cathedral

Medical Emergency Club Member A (Medical Emergency Club): Another wounded spotted! Requesting transport!

Medical Emergency Club Member B (Medical Emergency Club): This way! Bring the stretcher!

Medical Emergency Club Member C (Medical Emergency Club): Over there! There’s another!

Medical Emergency Club Member D (Medical Emergency Club): President! We’ve rescued the Pandemonium Society members that were aboard the airship that crashed into the lake! Chair Makoto was among the recovered!

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): The lake? The chair is a lucky woman.
We’ll take care of the transportation. Continue your rescue efforts. Place any more you find into intensive care units.

Medical Emergency Club Member (Medical Emergency Club): Yes, ma’am!

Sena (Medical Emergency Club):  What of the Prefect Team?

Medical Emergency Club Member (Medical Emergency Club): Senior Administrator Ako remains in command. The head prefect has suffered serious injuries and is still unconscious.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): …
The head prefect supported the Eden Treaty more than any of us…

Medical Emergency Club Member (Medical Emergency Club): Huh?

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): Nothing. Please continue as you were.
…
A Storm is coming. Hurry.

Scene switch to Trinity.

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): The Justice Task Force’s President Tsurugi is seriously injured, and Vice President Hasumi is in critical condition!

Sisterhood Admin B (The Sisterhood): Sakurako is also in bad shape! The Remedial Knights’ infirmary is full, so we’re transporting them to empty rooms in the old library!

Mari (The Sisterhood): N-No… Sakurako…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What about Nagisa?

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): We’re still searching for her!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sisterhood Admin C (The Sisterhood): Emergency! Radical Tea Party followers are preparing to declare war on Gehenna!

Mari (The Sisterhood): What?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We can’t allow that to happen. Especially not now.

Sisterhood Admin A (The Sisterhood): It’s the Justice Task Force! They’re marching on the cathedral! One of our units is doing their best to stop them.

Sisterhood Admin B (The Sisterhood): Huh?! What?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The Tea Party’s lower members must be in total disarray.
We have to do something. The fighting needs to cease so we can put our focus into the rescue efforts.

Screen goes black with only Hanako remaining

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): (This is getting out of hand. What am I supposed to do?)
(Seia…)
(Help me, Sensei…)

Switch to the Infirmary

Ako (Prefect Team): What do you mean the president disappeared?!

Prefect Team Medical Officer (Prefect Team):  I-I mean… she was lying here just a moment ago…

Ako (Prefect Team): Find her! She couldn’t have gone far! She’s in no condition to be going anywhere with those injuries!

Prefect Team Medical Officer (Prefect Team): Y-Yes, ma’am!

Prefect Member zooms away.

Ako (Prefect Team): President Hina…

Fade to black!

Seia (Tea Party): So the head prefect has vanished.
Her heart has had to endure a lot. I hope it didn’t break…

Scene switch to Tea Party offices.

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): Is the formal declaration prepared?

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): It’s ready!

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): Good. Let’s not wait a moment longer.

The door springs open! Hanako appears.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I-Im begging you--wait!

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): Urawa Hanako? Who let you in?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Per Trinity bylaws, war cannot be declared without a proper Tea Party host.

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club):  Didn’t you see the footage?! Gehenna is not our enemy!
I don’t have all the details yet… but I’m sure Arius are the ones behind what’s happening.
They were able to infiltrate catacombs under the Trinity district.

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): Arrest her.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): So you pledged your allegiance to the Sisterhood after all.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What?!
Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): You’re correct--we’ve reviewed the footage. We identified those strange entities as the Saint Justina Council.
We also know the modern-day ties the Sisterhood has with the Council. That’s why we had no choice but to take the cathedral.
You can stop playing detective now, Urawa Hanako.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): We’ve also confirmed the missile’s launching point. It came from the cathedral ruins--an area controlled by the Sisterhood.
Your assertion may be correct. It could be that Arius infiltrated our district through the catacombs below…
Black Screen
…but that leads us to believe Arius and the Sisterhood were working together all along.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): It’s not outside the realm of possibility, especially how shrouded in mystery the Sisterhood keeps itself.
That is why we, the Pater Faction, have taken matters into our own hands.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Don’t tell me the rest of the Tea Party is…

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): Correct. Filius and Sanctus Faction Members who opposed or reserved judgment regarding our actions have been placed in custody.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): This is a coup d’état!

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): Is it? You’re forgetting that one Tea Party leader remains.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Tea Party Officer (Tea Party): Pater Faction leader and Tea Party attendee, Misono Mika
She’ll be released so that we can carry out all-out war against Gehenna, just as she wanted.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Fade to Mika’s Prison.

Mika (Tea Party): …

Confinement Room Officer (Tea Party): Right this way, Miss Mika.

Mika (Tea Party): Hmm?

Fade to Azusa.
Then Seia.

Seia (Tea Party): What will you do now, Azusa?
You managed to save many others through resolve, but you failed to abolish the Council by voiding the commandments.
Gehenna’s Hina disappeared, and Trinity’s Hanako has been arrested.
Mika is even free now.
Is this the ending you were fighting for?
In the end, it truly was futile. Fleeting and meaningless like a dream…

???: No. Not yet.

Seia (Tea Party): Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Now isn’t the time to give up.
You have to act. If you have time to feel sorry for yourself, then you have time to think of a solution.
The next plan. The next goal. Whatever comes next…
Azusa rises.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club):  I can’t stop here. There has to be a way…
The Council hasn’t disappeared. Saori and Atsuko are safe after all… No. Regardless of that…
… I have to keep moving. Saori must be stopped.
There’s no other way.

Azusa slowly walks away.

Seia (Tea Party): Azusa, you… still intend to fight?
Even knowing it’s all in vain, you still insist.
Why? How?

Scene switch to the Justice Task Force.

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): A battle has broken out! We have to respond!

Justice Task Force Member B (Justice Task Force): There’s a riot in progress at Building 5! What should we do?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): U-Uh…
I-I…

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): Huh? Weren’t you put in the Make-Up Work Club? You haven’t officially been cleared to return to duty yet, have you? What are you doing here?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): H-Huh? Well, I, uh…

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): We don’t have time for this. Go to the containment block if you have nothing better to do. There should be something to keep you busy there.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): But, I…!

Scene Switch to Ruined building.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-Saori.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader…

Saori (Arius Squad): Prepare to march on Trinity!

Misaki (Arius Squad): We need more time.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Sh-She’s right. Hime is wounded, and the Council isn’t doing so hot…

Misaki (Arius Squad): We have no choice but to return to the cathedral and renew the commandments.

Saori (Arius Squad): …
Fine. We’ll do as you said.
Now. Let’s go.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): I said now!

Scene switch to Mika Cage

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): Please, Miss Mika. This way.

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): Miss Mika!

Tea Party War Faction Member C (Tea Party): We’re sorry for taking so long. You’re free now!

Mika (Tea Party): I see.
Now I understand what must be going on. Are you all fans of mine or something? Have you come for my autograph?
Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): N-No that’s not it. Trinity is in a state of--

Mika (Tea Party): Emergency, I know! You’re gonna declare war on Gehenna, aren’t you?! Hahaha! That’s too funny.

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): Precisely! This is our opportunity to wipe Gehenna off the map!

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): Just as you wished, Miss Mika.

Tea Party War Faction Member C (Tea Party): We’ll follow your orders. Please issue a command to prepare for battle throughout all of Trinity!

Mika (Tea Party): Hah.
You’re right--I DO hate Gehenna! I’m so flattered that you remembered!
What of it? Is that why you’re all acting like a bunch of crazed fanatics?

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): Pardon…me?

Mika (Tea Party): It’s kind of pathetic! Barging in here, appealing to my hatred, pleading with me to do your dirty work! Can’t you see how funny it is?!

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): M-Miss Mika! Don’t you think you’re going over the line…?

Mika (Tea Party): Am I? Sorry if you’re the one who’s offended.
It’s like you said: I do hate Gehenna. So much that there are times where I’d like to burn them all like ants under a magnifying glass.
But you know what? Now isn’t one of those times. Did you hear me? I don’t feel like it! So why don’t you all be good girls and just go home? You’re wasting your time.

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): Y-You don’t feel like it…?

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): How can you say something like that? This is a critical moment in Trinity’s history…

Mika (Tea Party): So what? It’s wrong to force someone to do something they don’t feel like doing, ya know.
It’s just like my hatred for Gehenna. It’s… just because! There’s no greater meaning or purpose behind it.
So stop wasting your breath and mosey along. I’m not in the mood to deal with this.
Find someone else who will let you use their hate on your behalf.

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): What did you just say…?

Mika (Tea Party): Did I stutter? I’m telling you it’s stuüid to need someone else to order you to carry out your own hate.

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): That… That’s not true!

Mika (Tea Party): Hmph.

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): You… harpy! This is the thanks we get for breaking you out of prison?!

Mika (Tea Party): Ouch. Picking on the unarmed is a little unfair, don’t you think?

Gunfire.

Mika (Tea Party): O-Okay, that one hurt…

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): Know your place! Or would you rather lose your place in the Tea Party?!

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): Is this how you show gratitude?! Huh?!

Massive Mika beating up.

Mika (Tea Party): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What are you doing?!

Tea Party War Faction Member C (Tea Party): And who are you?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Bullying is illegal! She’s totally outnumbered!
I won’t allow it!

Mika (Tea Party): …!

Fade to black

Sensei: Open your eyes.

Infirmary.

Sensei: Sit up.

Serina (Remedial Knights): S-Sensei?! You’re awake!

Hanae (Remedial Knights): You shouldn’t be moving yet! Where do you think you’re going?!

Fade to black, scene change to Seia.

Seia (Tea Party): You insist on fighting too, Sensei?
So that your students can remain just students. They shouldn’t have to become things such as soldiers or killers.
That’s the kind of outcome you’re fighting to prevent, isn’t it?

Sensei: Because that’s how things should be.

Seia (Tea Party): It isn’t that simple, Sensei.
You’re facing malice and distrust that dates back generations--practically an eternity.

Fade to black, Infirmary.

Sensei: Then it’s time someone put a stop to it.

<<Episode End>>
















EP 17 - The Embodiment of Hate
Koharu defends Mika, who has been beaten mercilessly by the Tea Party. Sensei appears to protect Koharu and Mika, causing the Tea Party jingoists to scatter. Mika weeps in regret over her attempt to harm Seia. Seia is moved by her sincerity and forgives her.

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): Stand down, first-year. Can’t you see what’s going on?

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): We’re now under martial law and at the brink of war!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I know that, but…!

Tea Party War Faction Member C (Tea Party): Move!

Koharu Question Marks and shakes

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I won’t!
I-I may be kinda slow, and don’t fully understand what’s happening…
…but I know this isn’t right! What you’re doing is wrong!

Tea Party War Faction Member C (Tea Party): Fine. If you won’t move, then…

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): W-Wait. I’ve seen this girl somewhere before.

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): She does look familiar…

A Moment of silence

Sensei: Koharu belongs to the Make-Up Work Club. She’s one of my students.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): S-Sensei?!

Mika (Tea Party): … [Some very shocked ellipses I may add]

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): Th-The advisor from Schale?!

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): That can’t be… We were told they were unconscious and in critical condition.

Tea Party War Faction Member C (Tea Party): What are they doing here…?

Sensei: That’s enough. Please lay down your weapons.

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): B-But…

Tea Party War Faction Member B (Tea Party): We’ve come so far…

Tea Party War Faction Member C (Tea Party): I don’t think Sensei is playing around…

Tea Party War Faction Member A (Tea Party): L-Let’s get out of here.

They zoom away. Koharu Sparkle.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): S-Sensei… Is it really you?

Sensei: I’m proud of how you handled that. Like a real elite.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei!

Mika (Tea Party): …
It’s really you…

Sensei: Will you be all right, Mika?

Mika (Tea Party): Um… Yeah.
So, uh…long time no see?

Sensei: Yea. Mika, why didn’t you go along with them?

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, that? Well…
I wonder. I suppose it was the perfect opportunity to rid myself of Gehenna once and for all…
…but I don’t really have an answer. I don’t know why.
Even I don’t really get it.
Wait a second…
Am I…?

Fade to black, Seia’s weird dreamspace 

Seia (Tea Party): Mika…
I thought your hatred would move you to capitalize on the opportunity.
Why would you relent now…?

Scene change to probably a flashback

Nagisa (Tea Party): I don’t understand, Mika. What are you intentions for wanting to reconcile with Arius?

Mika (Tea Party): Huh? My intentions…

Seia (Tea Party): Nagisa is asking what the political benefit is to doing so.
Mika (Tea Party): That’s not what I was thinking at all. They used to be one of Trinity’s factions, right? Sure, it was a long time ago…
…but what if we went to their district and told them we want to be friends? Then we could invite them over for tea and it would be like the good old days!

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party):  What’s with the awkward silence? Is there something on my face?
I think it’s a pretty good plan! That’s what I would do if I were the host!

Nagisa (Tea Party): I swear. Have you considered how they would respond at all? Not to mention that no one knows where Arius’ district is in present day.

Seia (Tea Party): I’m also concerned about your intentions. Trinity would only become more powerful if Arius agreed, which could incite a war. Is that what you want?

Mika (Tea Party): I hadn’t really thought about it, but that could be fun!
Maybe we could finally wipe out Gehenna. Isn’t that what everyone wants?

Seia (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): What’s wrong Seia? Why are you looking at me like that?

Flashback end, back to Seia.

Seia (Tea Party): You always were self-centered. You’re impulsive, thoughtless, and self-destructive on top of that.
Maybe that’s why I never cared for you.

Flashback to Mika and Arius
Mika (Tea Party): Here. Seia’s just through here.
Now I’ll be in line to become host once she takes her little extended vacation to the hospital.
This is going to be so much fun!

Arius Student: Squad will handle the infiltration from here.

Mika (Tea Party): Hmm? Squad?

Arius Student: Just so you know.

They zoom away, and the screen fades to black.

Mika (Tea Party): (Seia’s…dead?)
(But how…? Why?)
(How could this have happened? This isn’t how things were supposed to go.)
(Is this a joke? I just wanted to…)
(Wait. Why did I do that?)
(Why did I order an attack on Seia?)
(Why did I want her out of the way?)
(...)
(Oh, right. I wanted to be the host.)
(Of course. Because I hate Gehenna so much, and Nagi is trying to force that treaty down our throats.)
(Why would she do something like that? It’s so stupid! A peace treaty with Gehenna? As if that’ll ever happen. I won’t let it.)
(Seia said she could see the future. So why didn’t she see that one coming, huh? Why didn’t she protect herself?)
(She was too weak to be in the Tea Party to begin with.. And the way she would look at me sometimes…)
(So, I mean, when you think about it…)
(...this was inevitable. This was the sacrifice that had to happen to get rid of Gehenna)
(Yea. That must have been it.)
Back to present

Mika (Tea Party): I-I just…
…
I’m sorry, Seia. I didn’t mean to…
I never meant for things to turn out like this.
I’m sorry… I’m sorry!
I’m sorry for being such an idiot…

Sensei: Mika…

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei… I want to see Seia…
I want to see Nagi again…
If only I could…

Background fades to black, leaving a crying Mika.

Seia (Tea Party): …
Now I understand, Mika.
You were only trying to rationalize what happened.
You were trying to protect your heart and conscience.
And, as usual, you made mistakes and got carried away.

Now it fades away to Seia

Seia (Tea Party): …
I thought I had you all figured out. I thought I understood what kind of person you were and what kind of thoughts you have…
…but I was mistaken.
We both still have a lot to learn, then.
You found yourself at the wrong end of a twisted fairy tale before you could even realize it, just like me.
Murder, death, betrayal, strife…
It was too grim of a story for a girl like you to be involved with.
Mika…
You’ve been suffering for quite some time…
…so I’ll forgive you.
Maybe I should be asking for your forgiveness as well.
We’ll have a lot of catching up to do in the future.

Fade to Mika and co

Sensei: Sure. I can make that happen.

The Scene fades to the Tea Party

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): I-It’s Sensei…

Sisterhood Admin (The Sisterhood): Impossible…

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): Sensei is back…?

Sensei: Thank you all for coming.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei…

Mari (The Sisterhood): Welcome back.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Y-Yeah!

Sensei: Thanks for waiting.
I’ll take it from here.

<<Episode End>>
EP 18 - Without a Moment’s Hesitation
Sensei meets with the injured students and then departs the infirmary to rescue the others. Hifumi, Koharu, and Hanako reassemble the Make-Up Work Club to rescue Azusa and head to the ruins of the old cathedral where the Arius forces and Azusa are located.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): …

Sensei: Smile for Hasumi as she wakes up.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Sensei.
Where am I? What happened…?

Sensei: I’m glad you’re all right.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): So am I. I thought my halo was going to be destroyed…
What about Tsurugi and the others?

Shuffling noise

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): …

Sensei: Look over at Tsurugi’s bed.

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): …?

Shuffling, Tsurugi gets up and personal infront of Sensei

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Gyaaaaaah?!
S-Sensei?! What brings you here…?

Hanae (Remedial Knights): Whoa! You can already move, Tsurugi?! I guess you’re not the president of the Justice Task Force for nothing.

Scene changes to a different part of the Infirmary

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): You’re looking well, Sensei.

Sensei: Yeah, thanks to you.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): I’m glad the treatment worked out in the end. It was my first time caring for an adult.

Chinatsu (Prefect Team): Sensei…

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): You shouldn’t be out of bed yet, Chinatsu. Go lie down. Don’t make me pull the seniority card.

Chinatsu (Prefect Team): B-But I’m part of the Prefect Team now…

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): The door is always open for you to return to the Medical Emergency Club. I’ll see to it that you only work with the highest quality cadavers. Er, patients, I mean to say.

Chinatsu (Prefect Team): I think I’ll have to decline…

Ako (Prefect Team): Sensei…

Iori (Prefect Team): What do you think you’re doing, Ako? You shouldn’t move ye-gah.

Sensei: Take it easy, you two. I’m fine.

Ako (Prefect Team): But the President is still missing…
She’s not in her office, and I can’t get ahold of her.
Sensei. Please…

Sensei: Don’t worry. I’ll find Hina.

Ako (Prefect Team): Thank you, Sensei. We’re counting on you.

Scene change to the Trinity gate.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei…

Sensei: Hey, Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei, it’s Azusa. She’s…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): She’s fighting all by herself. She’s out there all alone, still struggling…

Sensei: I know.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to help her…
Is there anything an ordinary girl like me can do to help?
I know it’s dangerous, but there has to be a way. I want to help Azusa.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club):  Y-Yeah! We can’t just leave her like this!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Koharu…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club):   I-I know what it feels like to be all alone too. To be left behind… We can’t just abandon her!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I agree. I can only imagine how lonely she is right now.

Sensei: This is why you’re the Make-Up Work Club’s leader, Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I’m what…?

Sensei: Your resiliency is what’s led us here./Ordinary or not, you’ve never given up.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): We’ve all worked hard, but we only got this far because you were our club president.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That’s right. None of us would be standing here if not for you, Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hanako… Koharu…

Sensei: And whenever you get a little lost, you can come to me./I’ll be there too. Listening and helping is my job.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …
All right. I get it completely.
I’ve learned my lesson. I won’t give up, and I won’t get down on myself.
I’ll do whatever it takes!
So let's go, Sensei. We’re going to save Azusa.
Sensei: Attagirl./You got it. I’ll follow your lead like always.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We’ll do it together--for Azusa’s sake.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): That’s right! Because she’s our friend!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Things are going to be different when I talk to her this time.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club):  I take it there’s something you need to tell her.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Right.
There’s something I need to get off my chest.
I refuse to believe what she told me.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi?

Sensei: Sometimes friends have to speak their minds to one another.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club):  Exactly! This time I’m going to get through to Azusa and everyone else!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club):  Okay, then. I’ll be listening with bated breath.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Worry about that later. We gotta get going!

Fade to Seia again.

Seia (Tea Party): Gathering people, persuading them, communicating, understanding…
Sensei is trying to unite students of Trinity and Gehenna after they’ve been torn apart yet again.
Even as we speak, the Saint Justina Council are carrying the will of Arius’s resentment as they march on Trinity and Gehenna.
Yet there you are, still persuading and pleading…
…little by little, uniting us under one cause.
While Azusa is still trying to stop Arius all by herself.
At the old cathedral.
The same place left in ruins--symbolic of the paradise lost.
That is where Arius, Azusa, and Sensei will clash.

Scene switches to ruins, it's also raining.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Saori…

Saori (Arius Squad): How dare you harm Hime?! You’re going to answer for what you did!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I’ll stop you, Saori. If it’s the last thing I do.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’d like to see you try!
Do you think you can extinguish our animosity?! Our hatred?! Our resentment?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I will. If maliciousness is what I lack, then I’ll find it. If I have to kill you, then I will.

Saori (Arius Squad):  AZUSA!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): And if it means that I can never return to their world, then I’ll bid it farewell.

<<Episode End>>
EP 19 - Our Stories
COMBAT: 
Enemies: BOSS Calculating Arius Student (Light), BOSS Belligerent Justina Follower (Special), BOSS Ambrosius (Special), Justina Follower (SMG) (Special), Arius Student (SMG) (Light), Justina Follower (AR) (Special)
Units: Hifumi, Koharu, Azusa, Hanako. (And pretty much everyone else who appears in the below transcript)
Hina comes out of her brief retirement after being visited by Sensei. Hifumi finds Azusa and decides to assume her identity as Faust to battle against the Arius Squad. A new ETO is formed after Sensei’s declaration and interpretation of the Eden Treaty.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): *pant* *pant*...
Ugh…
THUMB

Saori (Arius Squad): Why, Azusa?
Why struggle so much? What are you trying to prove?
You know as well as I do. All is--

Azusa stands up

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Whether it’s in vain or not, my choice is to struggle.

Saori (Arius Squad): What’s the use of a pointless struggle?!

3 Gunshots

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Gah!

Azusa falls but a Hifumi appears and catches her.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …?!
Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hi…fumi…?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Four reinforcements confirmed. No, wait--there are more coming.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Aren’t they…

The Make-Up Work Club appears

Saori (Arius Squad): And who are you supposed to be?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I’m just an ordinary student.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi, no. Why would you come here?
You shouldn’t be here…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …
So you keep telling me. I’m just a normal, ordinary girl.
I get it, okay? That gas mask you were wearing, the face you’ve been hiding…
That’s supposed to be the real Azusa, right? The one that came from a completely different world than a plain, ordinary girl like me could understand. That’s what you’ve been telling me.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi, I--

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): No, listen!
You’re the one who’s wrong, Azusa!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I’m not the ordinary, nice girl you think I am. I’ll show you!
My true identity is…

Hifumi dons a paper bag with the number 5 on it.

Hifumi (Paper Bag-wearing Schoolgirl): … Faust! Leader of the Masked Swimsuit Gang!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): What the…?

Hifumi (Paper Bag-wearing Schoolgirl): Now do you see? This taiyaki bag strikes even more fear into people’s hearts than your gas mask does! Behind it lies terror that you can’t comprehend!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi…?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi. What do you think you’re--

Hifumi (Paper Bag-wearing Schoolgirl): As I was saying!

Azusa dots.

Hifumi (Paper Bag-wearing Schoolgirl): We’re not as different as you think!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …
Hifumi (Paper Bag-wearing Schoolgirl): We’re one and the same. So there’s nothing wrong with me being by your side.
So don’t label where either of us belongs or say that we can’t be together.
Don’t try to push me away.
Because even if you do, that won’t stop me.
I’ll always be by your side, Azusa!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi…
You don’t have to do this. Wearing a paper bag on your head and making up a fake gang won’t--

???: Who are you calling fake?!

The Masked Swimsuit Gang ⭐ appears

Hoshino (Masked High School Girl): Wow. Looks like we got here just in time.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Those masks… Could it be…?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Hoshino (Masked High School Girl): An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Forsake mercy and walk the path of chaos.

Shiroko (Masked High School Girl): Yup. That’s our motto.

Nonomi (Masked High School Girl): It’s perfect for a gang that’s an idol group by day and fights villains by night! ♣️

Serika (Masked High School Girl): When did that become the motto?! And stop trying to give us a backstory!

Ayane (Masked High School Girl): Masked Swimsuit Gang, reporting in! We’re here to support you, Leader Faust!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Is this really happening?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): So they DO exist…

Saori (Arius Squad): Who are they?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Unknown. There’s no intel on them.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-The Masked Swimsuit Gang! I thought they were just an urban legend, but they’re real…

Misaki (Arius Squad): We shouldn’t let our guard down, Leader. They may seem harmless, but we can’t afford to underestimate anyone at this stage.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hoshino (Masked High School Girl): Heh heh. Who do you think you are, trying to make our leader cry? Huh?
Making Faust angry is a big mistake. You wouldn’t like Faust when she’s angry.

Nonomi (Masked High School Girl): Bingo. Just ask the higher-ups at Kaiser Corporation about what Faust did to them! ♣️

Shiroko (Masked High School Girl): She even held up a bank in the Black Market like it was nothing.

Serika (Masked High School Girl): Not to mention that time she turned an entire Kaiser PMC unit into dust!

Hoshino (Masked High School Girl): Terrifying, ain’t she? She’s chaos incarnate! Like a boss who rules the darkest underworld with an iron fist!

Shiroko (Masked High School Girl): Yep. That’s our Faust.

Everyone: FAUST! FAUST! FAUST!

Hifumi takes off the mask blushing.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Nonomi (Masked High School Girl): *gasp*! Faust unmasked! Did we dote on her too much?

Hoshino also unmasks.

Hoshino (Foreclosure Task Force): What’s the matter, Faust? We didn’t go too far, did we?

Serika unmasks

Serika (Foreclosure Task Force): I-I was just following their lead, for the record!

Shiroko (Masked High School Girl): I meant every word of it.

Serika (Foreclosure Task Force): Stop joking around and take that off already, Shiroko!

Shiroko unmasks

Shiroko (Foreclosure Task Force): Aw…

Ayane (Foreclosure Task Force): What do you all say we try again from the top?
Ahem. The Foreclosure Task Force is here to help Hifumi!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You guys… Thanks.

Scene change to city, Various characters from the Sisterhood and Justice Task Force appear.

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Heh heh heh….

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): The Justice Task Force has arrived at Sensei’s request.

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): Are you sure you two will be okay? How are you feeling?

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Never better!

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): That’s amazing!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): I’m still recovering, but I’ll manage. You can count on me in a pinch.

Scene change to the prefect team

Iori (Prefect Team): The Prefect Team doesn’t forgive, and it doesn’t forget!

Chinatsu (Prefect Team): What about the President?

Ako (Prefect Team): …

Scene goes to black, 3 Knocks appear and a door opens.
Sensei enters a room.

Hina (Prefect Team): Sen…sei.
You’re okay. That’s a relief.
I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised that you found me. That’s just like you.

Sensei: Hina.

Hina (Prefect Team): It’s over. I’m done…
I can’t do it anymore, Sensei.
I’m sorry to disappoint you. I’m so… tired.
Please go on without me. Consider this my retirement.

Sensei: I didn’t come here to drag you back to the fight.
All I wanted to say was…thank you, Hina.

Hina (Prefect Team): You… wanted to thank me? Why?
If it’s for protecting you, then you don’t have to say anything.
That was my job. It was what I was supposed to do…

Sensei: No. I wanted to thank you for…everything./I wanted to say thanks for giving it everything you had.

Hina (Prefect Team): …!

Sensei: You fight harder and care more than anyone.

Hina (Prefect Team): …

Sensei: You’ve earned this. I’ll find a way to take care of things from here.

Hina (Prefect Team): Don’t say it like that…
You’re doing it again.
But I…
I…
I can’t be like Takanashi Hoshino.

Sensei: What do you mean?

Hina (Prefect Team): I’m not strong. Not like she is…
She was the one who found the body of Abydos’ student council president. I’m sure that must have been hard for her.
But even after suffering through so much, she’s still at Abydos, fighting… I could never do something like that.
I could never be that selfless. I already…

Sensei: It’s okay, Hina.

Hina (Prefect Team): I tried!
I did everything I could. I tried and tried…
No one could understand or recognize it. I thought I didn't care, but…
Even now…
… you’re still thanking me for what I did. Why even now? It’s not fair, Sensei.
I wanted to be like Hoshino and the Make-Up Work Club…
I wanted you to encourage me! I wanted you to praise me!

Sensei: …

Hina (Prefect Team): …
S-Sorry. I didn’t mean to…

Sensei: No. I’m the one who’s sorry.

Hina (Prefect Team): …?!

Sensei: I promise you a spot in my next make-up work class./I’ll help you improve your grades and praise you all you want.

Hina (Prefect Team): …
My grades aren’t the issue. I usually get straight A’s…

Sensei: Oh, I get it. You felt left out when you heard about the swimsuit symposium.

Hina (Prefect Team): Not exactly…
…
*sigh* Anyway.
Heehee…
What were we talking about?

Sensei: Uh… About you retiring and all that?

Hina (Prefect Team): I didn’t mean it deep down. I was trying to be spoiled for once…
Fade to black
I’ll be okay, Sensei. Let’s go.

Back to the Present. Hina appears.

Ako (Prefect Team): President!

Hina (Prefect Team): I’m sorry to keep you waiting, Ako.

Ako (Prefect Team): N-Not at all!

Hina (Prefect Team): Everyone into position. We’ll go on Sensei’s command.

And back to the raining ruins.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): We’re surrounded…

Misaki (Arius Squad): The numbers aren’t in our favor, Leader.

Saori (Arius Squad): Think again. Their numbers are meaningless in the face of the continuously growing Council.
On the contrary--this works out in our favor. Now they can all be taught the lesson Azusa was going to be reminded.
The truth of this world. They’ll see it is full of malice and hatred, and that life itself is ultimately in vain.
No one can escape that fate! All is in vain!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: Nod.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I meant what I said, Azusa. I’m still upset with you.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …
Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But more than anything, I’m glad you’re okay.
Friends get angry at each other sometimes, but I know it wasn’t your fault. I’ll always forgive you, even if you don’t forgive yourself.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): You will…?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But I’m not going to forgive them!
Malice? Hatred? That’s the truth of the world as they see it?
That everything in life is meaningless?
To hell with that!

https://youtu.be/3MB-ABKEVU8

Hiyori (Arius Squad): The Dark clouds. They’re…

Misaki (Arius Squad): …gone. Almost on cue. That’s impossible.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Is this… some kind of miracle?

Misaki (Arius Squad): There’s no such thing! This is…something different.
Could it be? A renewal of the commandments?

Sensei: I hereby declare us…
… the TRUE Eden Treaty Organization.

Saori (Arius Squad): What?!

Seia: It can’t be!
Sensei, are you doing what I think you are?
The General Student Council president was originally meant to be the Eden Treaty’s mediator.
The same president that established Schale and granted it Extrajudicial authority.
By doing this, you’re having Schale act in the General Student Council president’s stead. Is that how you’ve interpreted your role in the Eden Treaty?
Just as Arius interpreted it by asserting their authority even after sitting out of the First Council.
All of the relevant parties to the Eden Treaty have gathered. Gehenna, the Tea Party, The Justice Task Force, the Prefect Team…
Here, atop the remains where the old cathedral once stood.
Everything is as it was intended. And now, on behalf of the treaty’s initial mediator, the General Student Council president…
… you, Sensei, wish to fulfill the promise bearing the name of paradise.
…You’ve distorted and misconstrued the contract to fit your desires.
Fire with Fire--an eye for an eye. They ruthlessly took control, so you took it right back--just as an adult would. How interesting.

Switch back to the Cathedral ruins

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader. We’re losing control of the Council.

Saori (Arius Squad): ..!

Many justina members appear and disappear.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-They’re in peril. The commandments say to follow the ETO’s orders, but now there’s two of them.

Saori (Arius Squad): It doesn’t matter!
Your declaration means nothing! Happy endings?!
Do you think erasing the hatred and mistrust in the world is that simple?! You’re living in a fantasy! Stop dreaming!

Sensei: They’re my students. It’s my responsibility to help them achieve their dreams.
Saori (Arius Squad): …!

Sensei: What kind of sensei would I be if I didn’t support them?/If this is their dream, then it’s mine too.

COMBAT START

<<EPISODE END>>
EP 20 - The Name of Paradise Part 1
COMBAT: 
Enemies: BOSS Heartless Justina Follower (Special), Justina Follower (SMG) (Special), Arius Student (MG) (Light)
Units: Hina, Tsurugi, Iori, Hasumi, Ako, Mari. (Also the Abydos Guys)


Gehenna’s Prefect Team, Trinity’s Justice Task Force and Abydos join forces to face the Arius Squad.

Hina (Prefect Team): The central path is clear. Focus your efforts to the west!

Iori (Prefect Team): Understood!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Allow us to lend a hand.

Chinatsu (Prefect Team): Hasumi!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): It’s been a while, Chinatsu. We haven’t fought side-by-side like this since we helped Sensei reclaim the Schale building.

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Kekeke…

Iori (Prefect Team): S-Seriously? Looks like even the Justice Task Force president wants in on this.

Hina (Prefect Team): I see. Feel free to help.

Hoshino (Foreclosure Task Force): Hey there, Miss Head Prefect! Count us in too.

Hina (Prefect Team): A-Abydos’ student council vice president…

Hoshino (Foreclosure Task Force): Hey, don’t be like that. You should remember my name’s Hoshino. People calling me by titles and whatnot just makes me feel that much older than I already am!

Serika (Foreclosure Task Force): You started it by referring to her title to begin with. Do you even remember HER name?

Hoshino (Foreclosure Task Force): Uh, well… You see, when you get to be my age…

Hina (Prefect Team): Enough chitchat.
Let’s go.

Everyone: Roger!

COMBAT START

<<Episode End>>
EP 21 - The Name of Paradise Part 2
COMBAT:
Enemies: BOSS Ruthless Arius Student (Light), Arius Student (SMG) (Light), Justina Follower (AR) (Special)
Units: Hoshino, Shiroko, Nonomi, Serika, Ayane. (Also Iori, (Chinatsu and Ako) with some prefect team grunts)

The Fight continues, and all of the schools that at first seemed completely at odds which each other slowly begin to work together.

Hoshino (Foreclosure Task Force): I guess it’s our turn now.

Shiroko (Foreclosure Task Force): All set.

Serika (Foreclosure Task Force): Locked and loaded!

Ako (Prefect Team): Hello, Foreclosure Task Force. I’ve analyzed the enemies in your area. Sending you the data now.

Ayane (Foreclosure Task Force): You did that, Senior Administrator?

Ako (Prefect Team): I did indeed. It’s been a while, hasn’t it Okusora Ayane? How have you been?

Ayane (Foreclosure Task Force): Well, uh… not bad, I suppose.

Iori (Prefect Team): Can you all save the class reunion for later?

Nonomi (Foreclosure Task Force): I don’t see the problem! Doesn’t it warm your heart to see everyone getting along? ⭐

Chinatsu (Prefect Team): Reinforcements are ready to go on your orders.
Hoshino (Foreclosure Task Force): All righty, then… Let’s do this!

COMBAT START

After the Combat it goes to Seia.

Seia (Tea Party): A clash between two separate ETOs.. One that has Faith in paradise, and the other that denies it.
How interesting.
“Can we prove that anyone has ever reached paradise?”
A paradisiacal paradox, yet it demands an answer all the same.
Perhaps the question isn’t so flawed as many think. You’ve chosen to answer that there’s no need for evidence.
Rather, your paradise exists simply through the power of faith.
That possibility never occurred to me.
You could then argue that paradise has always existed--here, alongside all of us.
Perhaps that is what you meant.
It’s so brazen that it’s ridiculous. It doesn’t prove anything.
And yet, I’m still conceding the victory to you, Sensei.
Now I understand this story. I was mistaken.
In retrospect, it may have been foolish to challenge an adult in the first place.
Snatching victory from the jaws of defeat is one of the things you do best after all.

<<Episode End>>
EP 22 - The Name of Paradise Part 3
COMBAT
Enemies: BOSS Saori (Mystic/Light), Misaki (Mystic/Heavy), Justina Follower (SMG) (Special), Justina Follower (AR)
Units: Hifumi, Koharu, Azusa, Hanako.

The Arius Squad seems destined for defeat as the precept loses its power. Saori is adamant in her will to fight and doesn’t believe everything is in vain despite the members’ talk of throwing in the towel.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Saori…?

Misaki (Arius Squad): The Council can barely maintain its manifestation any longer. The presence of two ETOs are causing the commandments to lose their efficacy.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): It’s happening to the entire Council--even Ambrosius.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We have no hope of victory without them. It’s over.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Saori. Please surrender.

Saori (Arius Squad): Silence!
Why?! What makes you so different?!
Black Screen
We’re cut from the same cloth. We suffered together! We despaired together in this bleak wasteland!
How is that you and only you can find meaning in a world where everything is in vain?!
What makes you so special?!
I refuse to accept it. I reject the meaning you’ve found--every last thing you experienced at Trinity! To hell with it all!
It’s in vain--all of it!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No, it’s not!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): The hard work we put in to pass our exams will always have meaning!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Even if every breath that fills our lungs is ultimately in vain, there’s still meaning. To struggle is to live.
I’ll show you, Saori. I won’t fall here.

COMBAT START
<<Episode End>>


EP 23 - Below the Old Cathedral
COMBAT:
Enemies: Saori (Mystic/Light)
Units: Azusa (And all sort of special effects)

Saori leaves the surrendered members behind and heads down to the basement of the old cathedral. Azusa and Sensei follow after her to finish the fight.

Misaki (Arius Squad): That seals it. We’ve lost.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I don’t think I can go on any longer…

Saori (Arius Squad): …
No. Not yet.
There’s still one last hope. Below the old cathedral.
Saori zooms away.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Saori!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She’s headed for a passage that leads to the basement of the cathedral’s ruins!
It sounds like they prepared some kind of last resort. We have to stop her!

Justina guys appear.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): They’re not going to make it easy for us.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I have enough energy left to slip past them. I’ll go.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): B-But Azusa. You can’t go alone…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): All I have to do is stop Saori. I won’t be long.

Sensei: I’ll go with you.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei… Okay. Thank you.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Promise you’ll both come back!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Don’t worry. I’m done running away.
I promise we’ll be back!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Okay!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We’ll be waiting.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): B-Be careful, got it?

Sensei: Let’s go, Azusa! Time to end this!

The two of them walk downwards.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Let’s finish this, Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): Very well. This is the final battle, so put everything on the line.
Do you think you have a chance defeating me all by yourself?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): No, but I didn’t come alone.
Saori (Arius Squad): You! Sensei!
Fine, then… I’ll rid myself of you and that irksome adult at once!
Then the truth of this world will be laid bare. All is in vain…

Sensei: It’s time, Azusa. Win.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): With pleasure.

COMBAT START

<<Episode End>>
EP 24 - Hatred That Is Not Our Own
COMBAT:
Enemies: BOSS Hieronymus (Light), Justina Follower (SR) (Special), Justina Follower (AR)
Units: INFINITE POSSIBILITIES

Saori is defeated, and Azusa finally collapses from exhaustion. Atsuko then appears to personally admit defeat. Then, as if he had been waiting to strike, Maestro emerges and demands the doctrines hidden within Trinity’s depths. Sensei pulls out their card to retaliate.

Saori (Arius Squad): Gah…
Shiatsu… Azu…sa…

THUMB

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): *pant* … *pant*... *pant*...

THUMB (x2)

Sensei: Azusa!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I can’t move, Sensei…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Atsuko…

Saori (Arius Squad): *cough* Hime… Why didn’t you run away?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): We’ve lost, Azusa.
Saori (Arius Squad): N-No, Hime! If you speak, she’ll--

Atsuko (Arius Squad): It’s okay. It’s over now.
She wasn’t going to let me live regardless of the outcome anyway. So it’s fine.

Saori (Arius Squad): …?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Let’s end things here, Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): End…?
You can’t mean returning to Arius. We’ll be killed if we go back.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Then let’s run away. Together.

Saori (Arius Squad): Flee…?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Yes.
Azusa taught me something.
The hatred we’ve carried for so long… is not our own.
It was never ours from the beginning. It was instilled into us, and we falsely accepted it as ours.
Azusa realized that before us.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): You’ve learned and experienced a lot while you’ve been gone.
I can see now. You were blessed to have an excellent teacher, Azusa.
And now Azusa’s found somewhere she belongs.
So, Saori…
… let’s run away together.
Away from here. Away from Arius.
Away from that hatred that is not our own.

Saori (Arius Squad): But… we can’t just leave like this…

Scene change to Maestro

Maestro (Gematria): Splendid. So the potential of adulthood is on display once again.
Intelligence and dignity. Courtesy and conviction. Experience and wisdom… All admirable qualities.
Yes… you are the one. It’s you…
You’re the one who holds the answer to the sublime which I seek!

Back to the basement

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): What’s happening?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): It can’t be…
Has the doctrine been realized?

Sensei: (This feels like…)

Atsuko (Arius Squad): We’re dealing with something beyond our level.

Saori (Arius Squad): What’s going on…?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): S-Sensei…
This is… bad. We have to run. We have to get away from here.

Sensei: Right. Someone has stacked the deck against us.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei?

Sensei: I was hoping not to use this. / Reach for your wallet.

Back to Maestro.

Maestro (Gematria): Ah… That must be it!
So this is the card I’ve heard so much about!
Power gained in exchange for your life and time… An incomprehensible force with origins and limitations even we can’t understand!
I wonder what Golconde would have called it… He’d probably say that it requires metacognition to understand it.
Very well. Show me, Sensei. Show me the price you have paid.
Show me the power worth pawning your life over!
Respond to my work with all your might!

COMBAT START
[Right, this needs clarification. With Infinite possibilities I mean that you can use any of your units. There is no story lineup, you use the units you got throughout the game.]

Maestro (Gematria): …
Thank you, Sensei. Truly.
My apologies for turning in unfinished work. I promise to have it completed next time.
It’s just as Black Suit said. He and I don’t often see eye to eye, but I suppose I owe him a debt of gratitude this time.
Until next time, Sensei.
We shall meet again, in a dream.

We searched for the Arius Squad after the battle, but they were nowhere to be found.
They likely escaped through one of the cathedral’s underground passages, but it was impossible to know which one.
Scene change to a bridge.

Saori (Arius Squad): *cough* *cough*...

Hiyori (Arius Squad): H-Hold on a little longer, Leader.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Where should we go now?

Saori (Arius Squad): We can’t return to the district. She’ll have us killed.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I could think of worse alternatives.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-That’s not good. People die when they’re killed… And even if we’re not, the suffering isn’t gonna end…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Right. That’s the truth of this life.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

<<End of Episode.>>
EP 25 - Epilogue
The Pandemonium Society recovers in the hospital, and order is restored to the Tea Party. Normalcy returns to life. Seia returns to the Tea Party, and the members have a dramatic reunion. Familiar faces gather at the new Make-Up Work Club. Meanwhile, an unknown presence targeting the Arius Squad goes on the move.

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): Aaaaaah! How dare they make a fool of me?!
Iroha! Where are you?! Prepare you-know-what! We can’t just take this lying down!

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): No, I don’t-know-what. In any case, you should be getting more rest.
Besides, we were out for so long that the conflict has already been resolved. Also, please do something about your hair before you open your mouth again.

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): What was that? What’s wrong with my hair?
NOOO! WHO DID THIS TO MY HAIR?!

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): Do you not remember us going down in a ball of flames? It must have been… *sigh* Never mind.

Scene change to more Infirmary.

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): How are you feeling, Miss Nagisa?

Nagisa (Tea Party): I thought my halo was going to shatter, but now I’m thankful I’m alive.

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): As are we. Please take your time to recover.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Thank you… but was that the only reason you came to see me?

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): No… Actually, I was meant to deliver this letter. It’s from Miss Mika.

Nagisa (Tea Party): What does it say?

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): Um, well…

It flashes back to Mika.

Mika (Tea Party): Hey, Nagi! I heard you’ve been out like a light ever since that missile hit!
A lot’s happened while you were napping, you know? Don’t you think you should be setting a better example as the host?
I know I tell you that you work too hard and you should take it easy, but I didn’t think you’d take it THAT easy! It’s about time you woke up, sleeping beauty.
Anyway, now that you’re up, could I ask you for a favor? Get out of bed and get back out there. There’s a lot that needs doing.
Firstly, the confinement room only gets basic network TV! Can you believe that? Hook me up with cable so I can watch all my favorite shows 24/7!
Oh, and I’m also out of my favorite moisturizer.. It’s only carried in a few places, so could you be a dear and go buy some for me? I’ll send you the directions later!
OH! And my hair dryer barely does the job anymore. Can you get me a new one? Top of the line, please!
Just get me the same one you use! You know, that REALLY expensive one!
Oh, and, and…!

Back to the present.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): How would you like us to… answer her requests? She doesn’t seem to be taking her imprisonment very seriously.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Please see to it that she’s only fed cake rolls from now on.
Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): C-Cake rolls?!

Fade to the Sisterhood.
Also the Justice Task Force.
Then Suzumi…
Then Sena…
Then to the Prefect Team,
Then to the Prefect Team again, Hina and Ako.
Then to Juri and Fuuka…
Then to the Gourmet research club.
Then to the Remedial Knights…

Mine (Remedial Knights): Good to see you two again.

Serina (Remedial Knights): C-Captain?!

Hanae (Remedial Knights): The captain is back!

Mine (Remedial Knights): I’m sorry for leaving you all so suddenly.

Everyone: AAAHHH! Captain!

They zoom into Mine

Mine (Remedial Knights): Mine (Remedial Knights): Now, now, You don’t have to cry. I’m back now.

The scene then goes to the Tea Party.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika…
Mika (Tea Party): What’s up, Nagi? Why the long face? Everything worked out in the end.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Yes, but…

Seia (Tea Party): “There’s still plenty of work to be done.” Isn’t that right?

Nagisa (Tea Party): S-Seia…?

Mika (Tea Party): Whoa! Where did you come from?!

Seia (Tea Party): It’s a pleasure to see you both again.
It’s been some time since the Tea Party was fully attended.
We have a lot of catching up to do…
… and I don’t think we can put off this conversation any longer.
It’s time we shared things we never have before--never could.
And the things we always wanted to tell one another.
We’re sure to encounter our share of misunderstandings. We’ll just have to have faith in one another, even if we can never truly know what the other is thinking. Quite the paradox.
We have no choice but to traverse the darkness with that in mind. That is our assignment.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, Seia. You make it sound so daunting! Those big philosophical speeches are why you don’t have more friends, you know?

Seia (Tea Party): …
On the contrary. Maybe you would have more if you filled that empty head of yours with some culture and sophistication.

Nagisa (Tea Party): S-Settle down, you two…

Fading to a classroom.

Sensei: So… the original Make-Up Work Club passed and disbanded…
… and I’m here to advise the NEW Make-Up Work Club.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: Why is it still the same members?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): H-Haha… Well, the thing is…
…I went to a Peroro concert and sort of forgot I had an exam the next day.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): We were so busy that I forgot to study for my next exam.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Um, so I got a little overconfident and tried to enroll in a third-year class, and… yeah.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And I couldn’t let them all join the club again without me, so I tanked another exam ♥️

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I’m sorry, Sensei. We really let you down…
B-But at least we don’t have to worry about being expelled this time, and the exams should be normal!

Sensei: Faint.
Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): S-Sensei?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What the heck?! Don’t you think you’re overreacting a little?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, dear. You really do look good on your back, Sensei.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Cease! Stop trying to take advantage of the situation, you perv!
Sexual Assault is punishable by DEATH!!!
Fade to black

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Azusa…
I expect you and your friends to continue learning and growing together.
You’ll keep striving for a brighter future.
I know you will because you’re strong.
Even in a dark world where all is in vain.
Even if you find yourself in the most desolate of depths.
Azusa…
I’m starting to understand your story about the flower.
This is where we part ways…
…but I do hope you find happiness.
Fin.

???: I see.
So the one with royal blood has chosen to flee.
We can’t have that. Capture her and bring her back See to it that she isn’t hurt.
The others are disposable.
Indeed. You’re welcome to shatter their halos.

<<Chapter End>>
