Chapter 2: Paradise Paradox
Conspiracy and betrayal, suspicion and doubt, scheming and shadow wars are running rampant. Will Sensei be able to safely overcome the crisis with the Make-Up Work Club students?





01 - The Great Leviathan
Mika says that Nagisa is after something using the Eden Treaty. Claiming that Azusa must be protected in order to stop Nagisa, Mika asks Sensei to choose whether to trust her or to trust Nagisa.

Sensei: “Azusa is the traitor?”

Mika (Tea Party): That she is, and I would like you to protect her.

Mika (Tea Party): I guess getting straight to the point doesn't make sense without all of the details. Nagi's bad habits might be rubbing off on me.

Mika (Tea Party): How about I explain it from the beginning?

Mika (Tea Party): I'm not as good at this kind of thing as Nagi or Seia are…

Mika (Tea Party): ...but I'll give it my best shot!

Sensei: "O-Okay."

Mika (Tea Party): First is what defines Trinity General Academy. As I'm sure Nagi told you, our academy's history is built on several factions coming together.












Mika (Tea Party): As the name would suggest, there are three such factions that comprise its center: Pater, Filius, and Sanctus.

Mika (Tea Party): However, there were many other smaller factions, such as the Remedial Knights and the Sisterhood.

Mika (Tea Party): Back then, those factions were just as hostile toward one another as Trinity and Gehenna are today.

Mika (Tea Party): Conflict was a daily occurrence—growing worse by the day.

Mika (Tea Party): Until finally they all came together and created a peace treaty.

Mika (Tea Party): And so the First Council was held, where it was agreed to end the bloodshed and unite as one academy.

Sensei: "That sounds familiar."

Mika (Tea Party): It does, doesn't it?

Mika (Tea Party): Trinity General School as we know it was born from that First Council.

Mika (Tea Party): There are still traces of those factions even today, but most people would never know it. Over time, history tends to become rather faded.

Mika (Tea Party): However, there was one academy that chose not to participate in the council.

Mika (Tea Party): The Arius faction.






Mika (Tea Party): I say "faction," but it's been an organized academy much like our own for a long time.

Mika (Tea Party): The two sides had much in common, but were driven apart due to differences in how to interpret the ancient scriptures.

Mika (Tea Party): Their academy also held chapel classes, kept a strict conservative uniform, and had a strong contempt for Gehenna.

Mika (Tea Party): But Arius vehemently opposed the union...and that feud ultimately led to conflict.

Mika (Tea Party): Trinity suppressed Arius following the unification. It simply couldn't withstand the combined might of the new academy.

Mika (Tea Party): Such stories are commonplace in history. Those who hold great power tend to want to test it, and Arius made for a suitable target.

Mika (Tea Party): Arius Academy fell to ruin.

Mika (Tea Party): It was banished from the Trinity district, but rumors say its doors remain open, hiding somewhere in the underbelly of Kivotos.

Mika (Tea Party): They've kept the location of their district a secret to avoid Trinity's watchful eye. Even the General Student Council doesn't know where Arius operates from currently.

Mika (Tea Party): It wouldn't surprise me if those that know the story thought of it as nothing but an urban legend. How could such an academy truly exist? Then again, I think most of our students are completely unaware of the tale.

Mika (Tea Party): That's the Arius Academy of today. A shadow forgotten to history.

Sensei: "And you're saying that's where Azusa is from?"

Mika (Tea Party): Correct.

Mika (Tea Party): You said the story sounded familiar. As you suspect, the Eden Treaty that Nagi is proposing now is an homage to the First Council.

Mika (Tea Party): This is a chance for two great academies to reconcile and come together in peace.

Mika (Tea Party): If it sounds too good to be true, that's because it is. The real objective is to found the Eden Treaty Organization, or ETO.

Mika (Tea Party): The Eden Treaty is anything but a peace signing—it's the start of a formal military alliance.

Mika steps forward

Mika (Tea Party): Its true purpose is to create a single armed organization using the combined forces of Trinity and Gehenna.

Fade to black

Enter Nagisa

Mika (Tea Party): These are uncertain times we're living in—the General Student Council president is still missing. Now, from the shadows, rises a new overwhelming power.

Mika (Tea Party): And what does Nagi intend to do with it, I wonder.

Mika (Tea Party): Perhaps attack what remains of the General Student Council and assume control of Kivotos?

Mika (Tea Party): Or does she plan to uproot Millennium and stop its sudden emergence as Kivotos' rising new academy?

Mika (Tea Party): I can't say what her goal is for certain, but there is one thing I know.

Mika (Tea Party): Power that immense can be used to silence any and all dissenters.

Mika (Tea Party): Just as Trinity did to Arius long ago.

Mika (Tea Party): Or just like Seia…

!!!

Mika (Tea Party): Uh, sorry. Pretend you didn't hear that.

Sensei: "Has something happened to Seia?"

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): She's...ill. Just as I told you.

Sensei: "Then where is she?"

Mika (Tea Party): Hmm.

Mika (Tea Party): Do you really want to know?

Mika (Tea Party): Telling you would mean crossing a line I could never walk back from.

Mika (Tea Party): So if you betrayed me, I truly would be completely abandoned.

Mika (Tea Party): Do you still want to know?

Sensei: "Betray you?"

Mika (Tea Party): Yes, but I'm sure it will be fine. You said you're on my side, didn't you?

Mika (Tea Party): If someone who said that went on to betray me, then...maybe I wouldn't mind so much. Heeehee.

Mika (Tea Party): The truth is that Seia isn't fighting illness.

Mika walks closer

Mika (Tea Party): Her halo was destroyed.

Sensei: “...?!”


Mika (Tea Party): …

Fade to black

Mika (Tea Party): I know. It's too horrible to be true, but it is.

Mika (Tea Party): And it's been covered up since last year. Seia was attacked by an unknown assailant.

Mika (Tea Party): Her illness is nothing but a facade—Seia's dead.

Mika (Tea Party): And no one knows but the Tea Party.

Mika (Tea Party): Well, it's possible the Sisterhood may be aware... Their intelligence-gathering has always been remarkable.

Mika (Tea Party): Regardless, it's a secret that must be kept hidden.


Sensei: "And no one knows who is responsible?"

Mika (Tea Party): Mika (Tea Party):  confidential information, so I'm sure that only makes it harder to narrow down the suspects.

Mika (Tea Party): So there you have it.

Sensei: “...”

Mika (Tea Party): Personally, I have my own list of suspects, but it wouldn't be wise to share it without knowing for sure.

Mika (Tea Party): Let's get back to talking about Shirasu Azusa.

Mika (Tea Party): I was the one who arranged to have her transferred to Trinity.

Sensei: "You did, Mika?"

Mika (Tea Party): Uh-huh. I kept it a secret from Nagi. I registered Azusa as a student returning from break after falsifying her documents.

Mika (Tea Party): You're probably wondering why.

Mika (Tea Party): Arius still hates us, after all.

Mika (Tea Party): While our students take the privileged environment around them for granted, their students scrape by under impoverished conditions, not knowing what it truly means to receive an education.

Mika (Tea Party): They stubbornly cling to a grudge from years past and reject the help of anyone, including the General Student Council.

Mika (Tea Party): We would reconcile with Arius if it were up to me.

Mika (Tea Party): But the hatred for each other is too great, and the misunderstandings too many. It's not a relationship I could ever hope to reconcile on my own.

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi and Seia objected to my opinions for political reasons, butI never held it against them. That's the essence of what the Tea Party does.

Mika (Tea Party): I'm not the best when it comes to politics, actually... I wish we could all simply get along.

Mika (Tea Party): If only we could reconcile our misunderstandings over tea like in the past.

…

Mika (Tea Party): What I really want is for Azusa to become a symbol of peace.

Mika (Tea Party): I don't know her very well, but she was supposedly an outstanding student at Arius, and I want to foster her potential.

Mika (Tea Party): Maybe I should have been more honest and tried to convince Nagi through the proper channels...but I had my doubts it was possible.

Mika (Tea Party): I don't think she ever would have agreed to it.

Mika (Tea Party): Reconciling with Arius will become impossible if the Eden Treaty is signed. I wanted to make amends before that happened at any cost.

Mika (Tea Party): I want to show through Azusa that an Arius student can be happy and accepted at Trinity.

Mika (Tea Party): But now Nagi has introduced the rumor of there being a traitor attending Trinity.

Mika (Tea Party): I don't know how she came to that conclusion. Maybe it's all my fault.

Mika (Tea Party): She became so paranoid that someone was interfering with her plans that she decided to form the Make-Up Work Club.

Mika (Tea Party): Speaking of which, have you figured out why each student was forced to join?

Mika (Tea Party): It's because Nagi suspects every one of them.

Enter Hanako

Mika (Tea Party): Hanako is a little eccentric, but she was an outstanding student with excellent grades. She was even a candidate to join the Tea Party once.

Mika (Tea Party): The Sisterhood tried to recruit her as well, but that didn't work out.

Hanako in a swimsuit smiling at Hinata

Mika (Tea Party): She attended a chapel class in nothing but a swimsuit and was dragged out by the Sisters. You should have seen the shock on people's faces. Hahaha.

Enter silhouette of Hanako

Mika (Tea Party): Hanako had so much potential in her first year, but then she began scoring the lowest grades in her class at the start of her second year.

Mika (Tea Party): Why? Was she doing it on purpose?

Mika (Tea Party): She had already made inroads around Trinity and was aware of several academy secrets before her scores began tanking.

Mika (Tea Party): It drew Nagi's suspicion.

Fade to black

Enter Koharu

Mika (Tea Party): As for Koharu... She's a nice girl that really has nothing to do with politics.

Enter Hasumi

Mika (Tea Party): Her enrollment into the Make-Up Work Club has to do with Hasumi.

Sensei: “Hasumi?”

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi doesn't like there being such a powerful club with someone so influential outside of her direct control.

Mika (Tea Party): So Koharu is her insurance policy.

Mika (Tea Party): It wouldn't have mattered who it was from theJustice Task Force. Koharu just happened to have the lowest grades, so she was selected.

Mika (Tea Party): She's a hostage, in other words, and I bet Hasumi is aware of it. One wrong move could lead to expulsion.

Sensei: “But…”

Mika (Tea Party): But what? Are you surprised to hear that Hasumi would be considered a dangerous element?

Mika (Tea Party): There's one particular incident that may pique your interest, then.

[Justice Task Force Club Room]

Punching and shattering

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): …

Mashiro (Justice Task Force): …

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): V-Vice President Hasumi, please calm down…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): How dare they?! Pandemonium Society! Gehenna! Do they think they'll get away with this?!

Justice Task Force Member B (Justice Task Force): Ahhhhhh!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): *pant* *pant*...

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Listen carefully.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): This isn't over…

Mika (Tea Party): Hasumi is the vice president of theJustice Task Force—Trinity's main armed force—and holds Gehenna in contempt.

Mika (Tea Party): She would obviously oppose the Eden Treaty because it would require an alliance with her greatest enemies.

Mika (Tea Party): And finally, there's Hifumi.

Fade to black

Enter Hifumi

Mika (Tea Party): She's just a sweet, cute, lovable girl, right? Even Nagi adores her.

Mika (Tea Party): But that's also what landed her right in Nagi's crosshairs.

Mika (Tea Party): Hifumi was caught sneaking out of the district and visiting suspicious places, such as the prohibited underground Black Market.

Mika (Tea Party): There's even intel that connects her to a masked criminal group. Can you believe that? She seemed like such an innocent girl.

Sensei: “...”

Mika (Tea Party): How like Nagi to keep her friends close and her enemies closer. Very predictable.

Mika (Tea Party): There you have it. The whole story of how Nagi's paranoia…

Mika (Tea Party): ...led to a full-blown conspiracy that a traitor is out to ruin Trinity.

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi's absolutely certain that there must be a traitor in their midst.

Mika (Tea Party): I know that explanation was a little long-winded, but that is the whole truth.

Sensei: "But you said that the traitor is really..."

Mika (Tea Party): I did. Think of it this way: How would you define what it means to be a "traitor"?

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi is under the assumption that someone is trying to deceive her, and thereby Trinity's Tea Party. She suspects there to be a spy.

Mika (Tea Party): In that sense, Azusa, the one whose background is a complete fabrication, is the closest to fitting that description.

Mika (Tea Party): Unlike the others, she truly is a transfer from one of Trinity's enemies: Arius.

Mika (Tea Party): She's now at the eye of a complex political storm and has no idea that it's all my fault.

Mika (Tea Party): That's why I'm fighting to prevent her expulsion.

Mika (Tea Party): Or at least, that's what I'm attempting to do by pleading my case to you. I want you to prevent her from being expelled. That's something a sensei can do, right?

Mika (Tea Party): In other words, you could argue that I'm the real traitor. I'm the one who's opposing Nagi's Eden Treaty.

Mika (Tea Party): But since I'm the host, I don't have any real power and have no means to prevent it.

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): Then again, maybe that's not the truth either.

Mika (Tea Party): You could just as easily argue that if anyone is betraying Trinity…

Fade to black

Enter Nagisa

Mika (Tea Party): ...it would be Nagi.

Mika (Tea Party): She's attempting to transform Trinity and all the values, harmony, and unity it's enjoyed into something else. She wants to awaken a Leviathan.

Mika (Tea Party): That's my take on things. Whether you believe or agree with anything I've said is completely up to you.

Mika (Tea Party): Everything is in your hands now. Whether you'll protect Azusa or weed out the traitor... Whether you'll believe Nagi or myself…

Sensei: "Is that everything you wanted to say?"

Mika (Tea Party): Pretty much. I'm responsible for Azusa enrolling at our academy, but this is as much as I can do to help her.

Mika (Tea Party): Don't tell me you're worried about me, Sensei.

Mika (Tea Party): Hahaha. How very sweet of you. I may fall for you after all.

Mika (Tea Party): You don't need to worry about me. I'm much stronger than I appear.

Mika (Tea Party): Well then, I should be going. I really enjoyed talking with you today.

Mika (Tea Party): People might start spreading salacious rumors if we spend too much time alone together...not that I would mind. Heehee.

Mika (Tea Party): Until we meet again, Sensei.

Fade to black

<I went back to the classroom everyone was studying in after saying goodbye to Mika.>

<<To be Continued>>

02 - The Sisterhood
Mari makes her way to the Make-Up Work Club to offer thanks on behalf 01; the student that Azusa recently saved. Later, Sensei is waiting to discuss the future with Hifumi when Hanako arrives and the situation takes an unexpected turn.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, there you are, Sensei!

Sensei: "Sorry I'm late. Something came up."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Don't worry about it. More importantly, take a look! They're our latest mock exam scores!

Sensei: Check the test results.

<<Second Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results>>

Hanako: 8 Points (Fail)
Azusa: 58 Points (Fail)
Koharu: 49 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 64 Points (Pass)

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm. It was very close.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Yeah, you're doing a lot better! Almost there, Azusa!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hey, she's not the only one who improved. My score went up a lot too.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I know! You scored a 15 on your last exam, but now you're up to 49. That's the biggest jump out of all of us!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Of course I did! I told you I've been holding back all this time.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-Yeah! Keep it up!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): U-Um... Hanako?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Heehee. What's wrong, Hifumi? Why so sheepish?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I scored a 2 on our first real exam. Then I scored a 4 on our first mock exam. Now I've scored an 8.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That means I'm steadily doubling my scores each time. At this rate, I just need to take three more tests and I should be passing too, right?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Well...I suppose so, technically.

Sensei: "You're all doing great."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That's right. We'll all be above passing sooner than I thought if we keep this up.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I will not stop until I complete my mission and win those cute things. No matter the cost.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-You remember the real goal is to avoid failing, right?! The rewards were just incentives.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's now my secondary objective that I don't mind completing along the way.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Secondary?! I mean, I respect it as a fellow Momo Friends fan, but still…

ding dong

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Huh?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Seems we have a visitor.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-Yeah, but who would come all the way here to visit us?

???: U-Um... Excuse me!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Oh. That voice sounds like…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): ...an intruder. Good thing I've taken measures.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): What are you talking about, Azu—

BOOM

???: Ahhh!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I set explosive traps to stop intruders.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa…

???: How many did you set? I hope there aren't mo—

Multiple bombs set off

???: Ahhh!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): There's nowhere to run. Naturally, I laid traps along an intruder's likely escape route.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa!!!

[Annex Entrance]

Smoke enveloping the area

Mari (The Sisterhood): *cough* *cough*

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): A-Are you okay?! You're not hurt, are you?

Mari (The Sisterhood): May peace and *cough* comfort find you today. *cough*

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'm much more worried about your comfort right now!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wait, I know that uniform... Are you from the Sisterhood?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I thought that sounded like you, Mari.

Mari (The Sisterhood): H-Hanako…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Here. It's water.

Mari (The Sisterhood): Thank you.

Mari (The Sisterhood): *gulp* *gulp*

Mari (The Sisterhood): Phew. That really caught me off guard. What was that just now?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa…

!


?

Hifumi nudges Azusa towards Mari

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Um…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I'm sorry. I thought it was an enemy ambush.

Mari (The Sisterhood): M-Me? An enemy?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): So what brings someone from the Sisterhood here?

Mari (The Sisterhood): Right. About that…

Mari (The Sisterhood): I was told this is where I could find the Make-Up Work Club, but I didn't expect to run into Hanako here.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It just so happens my grades are terrible.

Mari (The Sisterhood): Oh. So they are…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): You know her?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Haha. You could say we're acquainted.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): If you're not here for me, then what are you here for?

Mari (The Sisterhood): Right. Of course.

Mari (The Sisterhood): I've been looking for Shirasu Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Me?

Mari (The Sisterhood): Yes. There's a student you rescued recently that wanted to reach out to express her gratitude.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Rescued?


Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Gratitude?

Mari (The Sisterhood): Yes. Azusa helped a student that was being constantly bullied by her classmates. Apparently, she was called to the back of a secluded building and harassed on the day in question.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Someone was harassing the poor girl?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): These things happen, sadly. You may not hear about it often, but that's because perpetrators intimidate and coerce their victims into silence.

Mari (The Sisterhood): Thank goodness the student came to us asking for advice.

Mari (The Sisterhood): She told us you rescued her one day when you just happened to be passing by.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): She did?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I suppose that did happen. I don't enjoy watching gangs prey on the weak.

Mari (The Sisterhood): As I understand it, one of the attackers you suppressed retaliated by reporting you to the Justice Task Force, which escalated to you and the task force engaging in a firefight.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?!


Mari (The Sisterhood): At which you point you occupied a tear gas warehouse and held the Justice Task Force off for three whole hours.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): That's how all of that started?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I never retreat from a fight. I could have defeated at least three more of your comrades had I not run out of ammunition.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You have to be kidding me…

Mari (The Sisterhood): That student came to us wanting to thank you, but after you couldn't be found at the academy...I ended up having to come here.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): So that's it.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Her gratitude is undeserved. I ended up being captured in the end.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I don't think that's what's important…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): But you shouldn't allow yourself to be bullied. Even if everything is meaningless, that is no reason to give up.

Mari (The Sisterhood): Wise words. I'll pass your message along to her.

Mari (The Sisterhood): …

Mari (The Sisterhood): People say that you're nothing but a violent ice queen, but that couldn't be further from the truth after all.

?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's so sweet, but I wouldn't say those rumors are completely unfounded. Azusa is rather rough around the edges.

!

Mari (The Sisterhood): Hanako…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Mari. I'm glad to see you're doing well.

Mari (The Sisterhood): I am, however…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'll show you the way out. Come on—this way.

Mari (The Sisterhood): Oh. Okay.

Mari (The Sisterhood): I'll be going now. I'm sorry for interrupting, Sensei.

Sensei: "Take care."

<The day's studies came to an end soon after that.>

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Listen up, everyone! Tonight is laundry night!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Put your uniforms, underwear, socks, and anything else you need to have washed into the basket.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Sure. Thank you for offering.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You want our underwear too?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I can wash it myself, thank you very much!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): But doing all of our laundry at once saves water and detergent. Hanako is being efficient. Fall in line. Now.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Fine... Here you go.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): *sigh*

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Why thank you. ♥

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What about you, Sensei? Anything you need washed?

Sensei: "Thanks, but I'm good."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Aw, okay. I'm off to the laundry room, then.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Everything here should be dry by tomorrow morning.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): We should be heading to bed. Good night, everyone.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): ‘Night.

Hifumi steps closer

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): (Sensei. Can I talk to you later? It's about Hanako.)

Sensei: Nod.

[Sensei’s Room]

???: Are you there, Sensei?

Sensei: "(That must be Hifumi.)" / Open the door.

Hanako enters, with her swimsuit

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Hi, Sensei. It's me.

Door closes

Sensei: “...?!”

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That was a lot easier than I was expecting. You really wanted me to come in, didn't you? ♥

Sensei: "What are you doing here?!" / "Why are you in your swimsuit?!"

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Why do you sound so uncomfortable? These are just my pajamas.

Sensei: "Since when does a swimsuit pass for pajamas?"

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Heehee. You worry too much. Anyway, I have an important reason for coming here.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I wanted to talk to you.

Hanako steps closer

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's about Azusa.

Sensei: “Azusa?”


Knock knock

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Are you there, Sensei? It's me.

Door opens

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Sorry I took so long. I know I'm here later than last night…

Door closes

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: “...”

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

THUD

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt! I had no idea the two of you were—I mean, how long has this been going on?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi? Did you just say you were in Sensei's room last night too?! How long has THIS been going on?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I'm sorry! I never would have imposed had I known! I'll c-come back later, Sensei. Wait, no! I mean, I won't bring the mood down again, so the next time we should talk would be tomorrow and I...! I...!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Where do you think you're going? Iwant to know what's been going on between you two—all the juicy details. Or better yet, a reenactment would do just fine too.

Sensei: "Make it stop... Please make it stop..."

<We eventually managed to clear up the misunderstanding after several more minutes.>

<Hifumi yelled at Hanako to go change out of her swimsuit as well.>

<<To be Continued>>





























03 - Secret Society
Hanako learns from Hifumi that failing will result in all of them getting expelled from school. Deducing that this was Naglsa's aim all along, Hanako declares that she will try harder going forward and is delighted that the three of them have formed a secret society.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Now I get it. You've been coming here to talk to Sensei about our lesson plans.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): And you just needed some advice...?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But why do you keep calling your swimsuit your pajamas?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're talking to a girl who wore her swimsuit to chapel once. I don't understand why everyone is so uptight about these things.
.
Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): U-Uhhh…

Sensei: "You said you wanted to talk to me about Azusa?"

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yes, that's right.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's okay, Hifumi. You can listen in too.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The thing is, she's gone out the last two nights and hasn't returned until almost sunrise.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I was under the impression she was simply having trouble sleeping outside of her usual bed at first, but I don't think that's it.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): In fact, I've never actually seen her sleep at all.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Come to think of it, neither have I. Azusa is usually the last one asleep, but the first one out of bed…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm not sure what she's up to, but I'm starting to get concerned that we'll have to step in and force her to get some rest for her own good.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I can't help but feel that she's...anxious about something.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's not my place to pry into her private life, but I think we owe it to her to help. Every girl needs a good night's sleep.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm afraid she's going to end up collapsing sooner or later.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And the same goes for the two of you. Stop staying up so late, and take better care of yourselves.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Our club work is important, but it shouldn't take priority over your health. The worst that could happen is the club fails. What's the point of our minds "passing" if our bodies ultimately fail anyway?

Sensei: "True..."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It's not that simple…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Failing isn't the worst thing that could happen! If we fail the last two exams…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): ...we'll be expelled! We'll be forced to leave Trinity!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Expelled...? What are you talking about?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): They can't expel you that easily. It's a long, complicated process that needs more valid reasoning than simply your grades.

Sensei: "She's telling the truth."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: Tell her the truth about the Make-Up Work Club.

Scene change

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It must be true if that's the case. We're going to be expelled if we don't all pass by the third exam.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): This arrangement and the collective punishment wouldn't be possible normally, but given Schale's extrajudicial authority is involved...it all makes sense.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Does it? I don't think it makes sense at all.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): And that goes for you too! Didn't your grades use to be at the top of the class?! You were earning perfect scores in advanced third-year level classes despite only being a first-year!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I...found out while looking at last year's tests when I was putting together our mock exams. I'm sorry for invading your privacy.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But why? Why did you choose to begin failing this year? If it keeps up, then the rest of us will be…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You'll have to forgive me. I never would have imagined that if even one You'll have to forgive me. I never would have imagined that if even one

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No. I shouldn't have been so naive.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I owe you each an apology for all the trouble I've caused.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm sorry, Sensei.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm sorry, Hifumi.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hanako. It's fine—I already forgive you.

Hanako thinks

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's as you suspected. I've been intentionally scoring low on my exams.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But why?! What would compel you to do something like that?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm afraid I can't tell you.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I have my reasons...but I don't want you all to suffer because of my choices.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): So you don't have to worry. It ends tonight.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'll pass my exams and keep the rest of the Make-Up Work Club safe.

Sensei: "Thank you, Hanako.”

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You don't have to thank me, Sensei.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): If anything, I should be the one making it up to you. What ifI did a little striptease? Would that suffice?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): N-No, you've already done plenty! You taking the exams seriously from now on is more than enough.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, I have a question. Are you two the only ones that know about all of this?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I think so. Sensei was the only person I had talked to about it until now.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): If that's the case, then expulsion isn't what's making Azusa anxious. That mystery is still unsolved…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Actually, I feel as though the Make-Up Work Club's entire founding is even more confusing after what you've told me.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I doubt Mika could arrange this. It must have been Nagisa's doing.

Sensei: “...!”


Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): But why now? Why would she busy herself with something like this just days ahead of the Eden Treaty's signing?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Or is that the exact reason she's doing it?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Now I understand. The Make-Up Work Club's purpose is to herd any potential threats to the Eden Treaty.

Sensei: “...?!”


Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): What?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's a very Nagisa-like thing to do. She can be a real conniving witch when she wants to be.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): D-Did you just call her a witch?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Nagisa is trying to wash out every problematic element at once. We're yesterday's dirty laundry, basically.

Sensei: "I think she'd equate it more to a trash bin."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Her plans include you too, don't they, Sensei?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You probably accepted this job with the good intention of saving failing students, but in reality, you were a pawn for the sake of using Schale's extrajudicial authority.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And yet that hasn't stopped you from doing everything you can for us.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You truly are a wonderful person, Sensei. ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): And you're more like a detective, Hanako. I'm amazed.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Nagisa told me that she's searching for "Trinity's traitor".

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's just like Nagisa—so melodramatic. Though I'm sure anyone who disagrees with her plans is a traitor in her mind.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I can understand why Azusa would be a suspect given her background.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I could be off-base, but it wouldn't surprise me if Koharu was essentially a hostage from the Justice Task Force.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): But what about you, Hifumi? I thought you were close with Nagisa.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Me?! A-Am I really a suspect too?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I guess I'd have to be if she placed me here... Wh-What did I ever do to fall under suspicion?

Sensei: “...”

Scene change

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We'll have to talk more about Azusa later. I'll see ifI can't find out more about what's been going on.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That'd be great. Please keep us in the loop if you learn anything.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Sure thing. So? Does this mean I'm officially a part of your secret midnight trysts?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The three of us, all alone late at night sharing a heart-pounding ménage à trois! ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That's not what's happening!

Sensei: "It IS pretty late. Let's call it for tonight."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You're right. We should be getting to bed.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Good night.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Hngh... Bathroom…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Is that light coming from Sensei's room? What are they still doing up at this hour?

Door opens

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'll talk to you tomorrow, Sens—huh?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?!


Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What were you doing in Sensei's room?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Bye, Sensei. I'm looking forward to tomorrow night's ménage a trois!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Oh?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu fucking kills them

Black screen

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Athreesome?! Lewd! Filthy! Execuuution!

<It was the end of yet another day at boot camp.>

<<To be Continued>>



















04 - Swimsuit Symposium
Rain drenches the Make-Up Work Club's laundry and they have no choice but to take a day off from studying and hold a swimsuit symposium instead. After experiencing their first enjoyable day in a while, they all decide to go out together on a nighttime walk.


Raining noises

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It's really coming down.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It certainly is.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Hngh... Good morning.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Good morning, Koharu!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Morning. It looks like Azusa is the last one to get up today.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm.... Mmm…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What happened? She's usually the first one awake.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I think she's been pushing herself too hard these last few days. We should let her sleep in a little while longer.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm...no. The cute creatures... So round and fluffy... I mustn't.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Someone sounds like they're having a good dream. ♥

Sensei: "There's nothing like sleeping in on a rainy day."

Lighting flash and thunder

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Th-The sound of thunder might make it hard, though.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Uh-oh.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What's wrong?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The laundry I hung out to dry last night! I completely forgot about it!

?!

Hanako whisks away

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): This is bad!

Hifumi and Koharu whisk away

Azusa gets up

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm?

Azusa walks around

?

Azusa walks away

Fade to black

<One hour later.>

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Now, then. Let's begin the first Make-Up Work Club Swimsuit Symposium! ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I don't know about this…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Why did it have to come to this...?

THUNDER!

Sensei: "We are in uncharted waters."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And perfectly dressed for the occasion, I might add. ♥

Thunder crash

Fade to black

<40 minutes earlier.>

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's all of it.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): They're completely soaked. Not to mention muddled. Our only choice is to put all of them through the wash again.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Even our gym clothes are wet now! They're sticking to me like they're covered in glue.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's because you tripped and got all of us soaked.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No, this is my fault. I'm the one who offered to do the laundry and then forgot about it.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): You don't have to blame yourself. We can always re-do the laundry and wear something different in the meantime.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That's right. First, let's change into something dry and warm. We're going to catch colds if we keep wearing these.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And for good measure, let's all take a hot shower together and dry each other's hair afterward.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Is something wrong?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I'm...out of clean clothes to wear.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Huh?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): So am I. My uniform and gym clothes are soaked, and I don't have a spare change of clothes.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You too? Wait! Neither do I…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Isn't this a fun turn of events? I guess we'll just have to study in our bras and panties today, ladies. ♥

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): In your dreams, you perv! We're not gonna do something like that!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): She has a point. We all have plenty of fresh underwear, and we can wear socks to help keep us warm.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Don't go along with her madness! We can't just wear our underwear to class!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Why not? You have no imagination—

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Not another word!!! 

Sigh

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): We'll just have to do the laundry as quickly as we can and dry some of it with a hairdryer or something!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): In the meantime, we'll just have to make do with wearing towels! And Sensei can wait for us down the hall!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): We can put off studying for at least a few hours. Why are you so eager to hit the books all of a sudden?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I suppose, but we're still going to be stuck in our underwear for a few hours.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I'd have preferred to begin studying as soon as possible, but I suppose we can't enter the classroom just yet. All we can do is take these off for now.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): *sigh*...

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Why are you all so disappointed about not getting to study in your underwear?! Do you want to be executed for indecent exposure?!

[Sensei’s room]

<I decided to stay in my room until the laundry was done.>

Thunder crash

Lights go out

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Ahhh! What happened?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I think the power went out.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Seems like it. It must be because of the thunderstorm.

THUD

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What was that sound?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): We have a problem.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That was the washing machine stopping. And it's locked. What do we do?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?!


Lightning flash

Sensei: "So that's how we came to the last resort."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Sure did. Our only choice is to hold a swimsuit symposium. ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): *sigh* There must be another way…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I guess you're right. We could always have an underwear symposium instead. I wouldn't mind that at all. ♥

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It will be difficult to hold class under these conditions. Not to mention all of the building's facilities have shut down due to the lightning. Our defenses are wide open.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): W-Well, this kind of thing happens to old buildings in thunderstorms.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Who cares about that?! Why are you all going along with this ridiculous symposium anyway?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I thought we agreed that we can't have class if we don't have any clothes to wear! Shouldn't we just go back to the dorm and rest until the blackout passes?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): But what kind of camp would this be if we passed on the opportunity to make memories?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): This is our chance to share the most intimate parts of ourselves. A sudden blackout, driving rain... The mood is perfect! 

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We may as well indulge while we have the chance. You only live once. ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I'm not denying that making memories is part of any good camp…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I see. So that's the purpose of a swimsuit symposium.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): No it isn't! There's nothing educational about wearing swimsuits to class!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): U-Uhhh…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Now, now. There's no need to raise your voice, Koharu. Let's just go with the flow and have some fun while we can.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Calling it a symposium was just to keep up appearances. We can talk about anything we want. Nothing is off limits. ♥

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I've always wanted to do something like this. I've never been happier to have joined the Make-Up Work Club. ♥

Sensei: "You look like you're having the time of your life."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I can sympathize. I too am happy to have joined the club.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You are?


Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Of course I am. I enjoy getting to study, eat, and even clean and do laundry with all of you. Not a single activity hasn't been enjoyable.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Aw, that's so sweet.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I've always thought swimsuits were merely meant for swimming, but now I'm learning all sorts of other useful applications for them.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That sounds more like corruption than enjoyment…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): But they're comfortable to move around in and breathable. I can understand why Hanako is so fond of hers.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You've finally seen the light. See? I told you, Koharu.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Public indecency is still a crime punishable by death! That's all you need to know!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I enjoy studying with you too, Koharu.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-Where's this coming from all of a sudden?! Don't just blurt out embarrassing things like that!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's even sweeter! ♥

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): W-Well, of course you should relish the opportunity to study with an elite like myself.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm.               glimmer

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I could never get a good read on you when we first met, but it's a relief to hear you've been enjoying yourself.

!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Of course. And I'm especially grateful for how you've always taken care of me, Hifumi. Thank you.

Hifumi shocked

Black screen

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusaaa! Come give me a hug!

?

Azusa gets assaulted

<*squeeze*>

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi. I can't breathe.

<The Make-Up Work Club continued to pass the time by making small talk.>

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I heard a rare Gold Maguro is on display at the Trinity aquarium right now.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I saw it on a pamphlet! That's the one they're calling the fantasy fish, right?
Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yeah. Apparently, it was discovered at the nearby beach. I wanted to go see it for myself, but the admission fee is so high.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The beach... Now that you mention it, I've never been there before.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You've never been to the beach, Azusa?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I also heard that you can hear strange noises coming from that long-abandoned theme park.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Th-That can't be true! That's just an urban legend!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I've only heard rumors myself, so I can't say for sure...but isn't that how all scary stories go?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Yeah, and they're all made up!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): H-Haha…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I don't find walking about campus or the district in a swimsuit to be strange at all.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Of course it is! Do you not have a lick of common sense?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That reminds me. I heard from a Sister once that somewhere in a lawless area of Kivotos is a gang that wears nothing but bikinis and masks.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-Why would they only wear that?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): And you just said they're a gang, so that makes them criminals! Of course criminals have no problem committing public indecency!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It goes to show just how common wearing nothing but a swimsuit is. Why don't you join me next time?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): No! I don't care what you have in mind—count me out!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Scene change

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You need to start getting a better night's sleep, Azusa!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I know. I'm sorry for inconveniencing you all by oversleeping this morning.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That never happens in a place where I'm uncomfortable.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Maybe I overslept because I no longer find that to be the case…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That doesn't change the fact that you need to get more rest. You need to go on fewer of those late night patrols of yours!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): You've been going on patrols?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. I've been keeping watch every night…

Sensei: "Hanako has been really worried about you."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): She has?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I didn't realize. I'm sorry.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): To be honest, I use my patrols as an opportunity to do things like set traps and fortify our defenses.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Traps?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Defenses?


Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Why would you go to such lengths?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Don't worry. I only set them along the routes intruders would likely take. They shouldn't pose a threat to us as we go about our studies.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): (Then how do you explain what happened to Mari yesterday?)

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You should let us know about these things ahead of time. People will suspect you of wrongdoing if you go around doing things like that on your own.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I suppose you have a point. I'll be more careful from now on.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The last thing I want is to cause any harm to the club or Sensei.

Sensei: "You're a really kind girl, Azusa."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): H-Huh? Don't treat me like child.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Besides, that's not how I would describe myself.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The truth is that everything is meaningless, and vanity is the way of the world.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): There will come a day where I betray everything I've ever known—all of you, my faith, and my own heart.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …                        confused

Lights come back on

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): The power's back.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's about time.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): And the rain stopped too! Everything is clear outside!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): We should restart the laundry and get to drying everything again.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I suppose this marks the end to the first Make-Up Work Club Swimsuit Symposium. I look forward to the second.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): There's not gonna be a second! This was the first and last!

Fade to black

<Everyone decided to take a break after finishing the laundry.>

<And so another day passed…>

THUD

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No! Not yet! We can't just let this day go to waste!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What?!

?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Who are you talking to? Don't just start shouting out of nowhere like that. You almost gave me a heart attack.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Let's just look at today as an unplanned vacation day. We even got to bond together buck naked like real sisters.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): That never happened! Stop revising history!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): But wouldn't it feel like a waste to go to bed so soon? Don't you just want to seize the night and go out with a bang?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): What do you have in mind?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Isn't it obvious? What kind of camp would this be if we didn't try to sneak out at night at least once. ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You want to sneak out?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Obviously. Let's leave the academy behind and go on a walk together!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): There are plenty of places in the Trinity shopping district that are open late. Let's go grab some food and do a little shopping!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Th-That would be a violation. I can't do that!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You know the school rules better than I do, butI bet a bunch of students sneak out and go places they shouldn't. Isn't that right, Hifumi?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hahaha... Wh-Who knows? Maybe…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But Koharu's right. We're in the middle of a mandatory boot camp. There could be dire consequences if we were caught sneaking out now.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's not like we'd go that far—it's still within the district. We'll be back before you know it. So what do you say, Koharu? Doesn't it sound fun?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I mean, sure it does, but…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Come on! One little walk isn't going to kill you. Isn't that right, Sensei?

Sensei: "I'm in. Let's do this."

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): You're fine with this?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I'm dressed and ready.Just give the order on when to move.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You too, Azusa?! When did you get changed?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's decided. ♥

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Everyone hurry up, and take it off! The Make-Up Work Club is going late-night streaking!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): You said we were going on a walk! Keep your clothes on!

Fade to black

<And that's how we decided to go on a late night stroll.>

<<To be Continued>>




























05 - Midnight Commotion Part 1
The Make-Up Work Club runs into Hasumi at a dessert shop during their nighttime walk. Hasumi suggests keeping the encounter a secret due to each other's circumstances, but then receives a call that the Gourmet Research Society is causing a disturbance.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Heeheehee. ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Well…here we are.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): See? Isn't this fun? There's nothing like the guilty pleasure of doing something you're not supposed to, mixed with the elation of doing it with others.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): So this is what the district is like at this hour. It's much more vibrant than I expected.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's right. A lot of stores stay open 24 hours a day.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That bakery is still open? And that cafe over there too…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): A little further up the road is a Momo Friends merch store that's fully automated. And across the street from that is a shop that only sells collectibles.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Well, well. You sure know your way around the neighborhood.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): A-Ahaha…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Ugh. Why did I have to tag along? I'll be in for a world of hurt if Hasumi catches me out here.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Really? She must be pretty strict with you newbies. I always thought she seemed like a kind girl.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Th-That's because she is! Hasumi is kind, intelligent, strong, and carries herself with dignity and grace!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Her temper is...just as peerless as her other aspects.

Sensei: "She doesn't get mad often, but when she does... Right?"

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Yeah. There was that one time…

Flashback

[JTF Club Room]

Punching and ceramic breaking

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): …

Mashiro (Justice Task Force): …

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): V-Vice President Hasumi, please calm down…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): How dare they?! Pandemonium Society! Gehenna! Do they think they'll get away with this?!

Justice Task Force Member B (Justice Task Force): Ahhhhhh!

Present

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Goodness. What caused her to be so upset?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): She was returning from a meeting with Gehenna's leaders about the Eden Treaty when suddenly…

Flashback

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): *pant* *pant*...

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Listen carefully.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): This isn't over…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): From this point on, I'll be going on a diet!

Mashiro (Justice Task Force): …?!


Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): …?!

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force):  Did you say...diet?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Yes, a diet! I'm going to lose weight!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): From this moment on, if you catch me eating more than two meals a day or snacking, you have every right to slap the food out of my hand and give me a piece of your mind!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Dieting can be hard if you're doing it by yourself, so that's why I'm allowing you all to keep me accountable. I need your help!

Justice Task Force Member B (Justice Task Force): Wh-What exactly happened in that meeting with Gehenna...?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): …

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): That little... She went way over the line!

Flashback within a flashback

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): So you must be the one they call Trinity's secret weapon, Kenzaki Tsurugi.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Pardon? No, I'm…

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): You're much more of a woman than I was expecting. Almost offensively so.

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): Heh heh! So, that's how Trinity wants to play it, eh? Trying to break our morale at the start of our first meeting?! How shallow!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Huh?

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): Iroha! Go get Satsuki. I won't allow Trinity to look down upon us!

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): Makoto, this isn't President Tsurugi—this is their vice president, Hasumi. I told you she'd be coming in the documentation I handed you.

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): And if you're referring to her bust, then I don't know what good bringing Satsuki here will do.

…

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): WH-WHAT?! They sent a stand-in?! How insulting! Are they mocking us?!

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): We've been had! This meeting is nothing but a ploy! Did they only wish to demoralize us with their tall heights and large busts?!

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): No, this is why I tried to inform you that we were expecting Hasumi. Are you even listening to me? You're not, are you?

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): How DARE you underestimate me! Do you think you can intimidate me with your unflatteringly large chest?!

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): Please calm down. And please stop mentioning her bust. You're embarrassing the Pandemonium Society.

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): I refuse to surrender to this giantess, Iroha. Prepare you-know-what!

THUD

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Giant...?

Iroha (Pandemonium Society): I don't know what you're talking about, but I think it's safe to say that the meeting is a failure. I advise that we secure an escape route.

Makoto (Pandemonium Society): Huh?

Rumble

Black screen

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): AHHHHHH!!!

Sounds of punching and breaking

Present

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: “...”

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I heard Hasumi hasn't been eating very well ever since that meeting went south.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No wonder she holds a grudge against Gehenna.

Sensei: "Now I'm worried about her too."

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Hasumi is a strong person, though! She's still keeping the vow she made, even after all she went through.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I'm sure she'll be all right.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Look. There's another bakery here too.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): My sweet tooth is starting to get a craving after that story. Should we pop in and see what they have?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, the special parfaits they have here are amazing! I didn't know they stayed open 24 hours a day…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Parfait? That sounds perfect. Let's go.

MUWC walks off

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-Why the rush?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Um... I hope nobody sees me here.

Koharu whisks away

Clerk: Welcome.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wow, we're really out in the middle of the night getting dessert. This is so exciting!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm.

Clerk: Party of five? What can I get for you?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Um...do you still have that special parfait on the menu?

Clerk: I'm sorry. We do, but we just sold the final three we had tonight to our last customer.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, that's too bad…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Beat to the punch. I didn't expect such fierce competition at this hour. How naive of me.

Black screen

???: Oh?


Hasumi (Justice Task Force): S-Sensei?

Sensei: “Hasumi?!”

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hasumi?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Those wouldn't happen to be parfaits you're carrying, are they?

Fade to black

<Hasumi was in fact holding three special parfaits.>

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): I didn't expect to run into the Make-Up Work Club and Sensei here.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Uh-oh…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Fancy meeting you here, Hasumi. I'm even more surprised to see you eating three parfaits. Aren't you on a diet?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Y-Yes. About that…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Let me guess. You had a craving you just couldn't curb, so you came all the way here for some of your favorite desserts.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): N-No! I-I mean…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You gave in to your delectable desires and before you knew it, it was too late. There was no turning back.

Sensei: “I can’t say I blame you.”


Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Sensei. I don't believe the Make-Up Work Club is permitted to leave the school grounds during boot camp.

?!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): So if you'll keep my secret, then I'll keep yours.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hasumi…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): How are your studies going, Koharu?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Well, um…

Sensei: “Her scores keep going up.”

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That's right! Koharu will be passing in no time at this rate.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): You don't say?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Uh…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): That's good to hear. I told you you could do it.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Don't you remember?

Flashback

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Please keep studying hard, Koharu.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Don't lose sight of your goal.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): But I don't think I can do it…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): How am I supposed to cram all of this in and get my grades up? I'm not cut out for this…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): There's no other choice! It must be done!

?!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Forgive me for raising my voice, but the only way you'll be able to stay with us is by passing your exams.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): If not for me, then do it for Sensei and all the effort that's been made to help us. Okay?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): All right. I'll try.

Present

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Heehee. I wouldn't want to let you down, Hasumi.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): And I'm always rooting for you. I look forward to you returning to the Justice Task Force soon and joining us on our missions.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): It's a promise!

Sensei: “So pure.”

<*beep* *beep* *beep* *beep* *beep*>

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Encrypted communication? At this hour?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Yes, Ichika? What's going on?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): We have a problem, Hasumi. What's your location?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): A problem? Please explain.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Students presumed to be from Gehenna are trespassing near the academy. They've opened fire and are attacking Trinity facilities. 

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Is it the Gehenna Prefect Team? So, they've finally played their hand. Those Pandemonium Society scum!

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Well, the thing is…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): They must be trying to interfere with the Eden Treaty! What's the size of their forces? How many squadrons, and what facilities have they targeted?!

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Calm down. First of all, it's not the Prefect Team, and there are zero squadrons. There's only four of them.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Just four...? And it's not the Prefect Team?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Yes. The attacked facility has been confirmed as...the nearby aquarium.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Why would they attack there?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): They've stolen the Gold Maguro, a rare fish that was on display, and are now on the run.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): The Gold Maguro?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): It's said to be a very expensive fish, so they may aim to sell it. We just confirmed this organization's identity.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): The Gourmet Research Society, a terrorist group from Gehenna.

Fade to black

Enter Haruna

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Their leader is Kurodate Haruna, someone considered very dangerous by Gehenna! Please hurry and give us your orders, Vice President!

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Hey! Why the heck did we decide to hit a place like this?! We're in the middle of Trinity's district!

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): What other choice did we have? This was the only place to secure the Gold Maguro after all! ★

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): How could they keep a legendary tuna fish under lock and key, only to be admired through a fish tank? Have they no respect for the gourmet?

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Fine food is something more noble and ubiquitous.

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): The Gold Maguro wouldn't want to be on displayjust to make the rich richer.

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): We're merely doing what must be done! Isn't that right, Fuuka?

Fuuka (School Lunch Club): Hnnngh! Hnnnnnngh!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): See? The School Lunch Club president agrees so vehemently that she's been moved to tears.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): I think that has more to do with the gag in her mouth. ★

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): The tuna keeps flapping around! It's hitting me with its fins!

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Don't you dare drop that fish, Izumi! It's priceless!

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): Can't we just eat it already?! It's hard enough to hold on to it but now we have those girls in black sailor uniforms chasing us!
.
Junko (Gourmet Research Society): That's the TrinityJustice Task Force! They're just as scary as the Prefect Team. How are we gonna get out of here, Haruna?

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Whether we escape or not isn't important.

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): The only thing that matters is who has the last bite!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): That is our club's motto: Eat or Die! It's the dignified path all gourmands must accept!

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): And that's all that matters! ★

Gunfire

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): We're a lot closer to dying than eating, so get a move on!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Let us break through this siege and make our retreat! Then we'll have our dearest Fuuka here prepare her famous sashimi for us!

Fuuka (School Lunch Club): Hnnngh! Hnnnnnngh!

<To be Continued>





















06 - Midnight Commotion Part 2
Hasumi asks the Make-Up Work Club and Sensei for help, fearing conflict between Gehenna and Trinity might pose a problem for the Eden Treaty. The entire group heads out together to prevent the worst from happening.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): The Gourmet Research Society?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): What's your location, Vice President? Please issue orders before President Tsurugi...takes matters into her own hands.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Please do what you can to contain her for now. I'm...in the middle of a personal matter at the moment.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): I'm not sure that will be possible. You're the only one she listens to when she gets like this.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Ah, President Tsurugi! Don't go yet! That's not a door—it's a wall!

Breaking and exploding

Ichika (Justice Task Force): ...She's gone. Let's mobilize.

<*click*>

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): …

Distant explosion

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): They're close by. Within a kilometer, judging by the sound of the explosion.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You're not thinking what I think you are...are you?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): What a coincidence. I had the same thought.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): I know this is sudden, but your help would be appreciated. Can you do it?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): This is a delicate situation with the Eden Treaty fast approaching. The last thing we need is an interdistrict incident between the Justice Task Force and Gehenna Academy.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): I'm formally requesting the Make-Up Work Club's assistance via Schale. Can you do it, Sensei?

Sensei: "Of course. Prepare to mobilize, Make-Up Work Club."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Understood. That won't be a problem.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): A-Are we really doing this?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): If that's what you want, Sensei. ♥

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I'm going to fight alongside Hasumi...?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Of course. I knew this day would come, even if it is sooner than expected.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): O-Okay! I'll do my best!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): This is the first time we'll be fighting as a club under Sensei's command. Please use us as you see fit.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's even sweeter! ♥

Sensei: “Let’s go, everyone!”

<Battle Sequence>
Sensei and the Make—Up Work Club succeed in stopping the Gourmet Research Society's mischief, but each of their members flee, leaving the Justice Task Force hot on their heels in pursuit.

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): Noooooo! The tuna!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): I was craving sashimi, but now tempura is on the menu.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): So what should we do now? Looks like we're surrounded. ★

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Scatter! It's every girl for herself!

Junko whisks away

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): Good thinking—they can't catch all of us. Survival of the fittest it is!

Akari whisks away

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): It comes down to luck now, but I don't mind spicing things up. So long!

Haruna whisks away

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): W-Wait! Don't just leave me here!

Izumi trips and falls

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): *sob* I swear, I'll get all three of you back for this if it's the last thing I do!

Izumi gets up and whisks away

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Those pests! Split up and chase each of them!

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): Yes!


Hasumi (Justice Task Force): This is our district! There's nowhere to run!

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): *pant* *pant*

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): I think I lost 'em.

Akari appears, with a dark figure behind

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Um…

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): S-Say, Junko…

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Akari?! Why are you here? What happened to you?!

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): Let's just say...I messed up. ★

Akari falls

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): A-Akari!

The dark figure slowly approaches

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Heh heh heh... Keheheheh…

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Wh-What is that?! A m-monster?!

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Ahhhhhh!

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): I don't wanna die!!!

Junko fucking dies in an explosion

<<To be Continued>>






























07 - A New Perspective
The Prefect Team's Hina and the Medical Emergency Club's Sena arrive to handle the Gourmet Research Society's new recruits.Sensei asks Hina about her thoughts on the Eden Treaty and listens to her point of view on the situation.

Toss

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Hello, Junko. Good to see you, Akari.

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Haruna? You were caught too?

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): I'm afraid I didn't even make it ten meters.

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): …

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): It seems as though Izumi was the only one who managed to get away...somehow. At least our sacrifice wasn't in vain.

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Since when was I sacrificing myself for that ditz?

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): TheJustice Task Force certainly lives up to their reputation. We were foolish to underestimate them.

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): You're telling me! One of them crushed Akari like a soda can. I thought we were gonna die!

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): I told you we shouldn't have come all the way here just for some stupid tuna!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): See here,junko. If you saw water gushing out of a tap into an overflowing sink and there was no one around, what would you do?

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Enough with the stupid sink metaphor already!

…

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): What do you think they're gonna do with us?

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): Probably hand us over to the Prefect Team.

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Akari! Don't just rise from the dead like that!

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): Oh, please. I was just taking a little nap. It'll take more than that to kill me. ★

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): A-Anyway. Is being handed over to the Prefect Team any better? May as well be delivering us to our executioners…

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): That it may be. I'd like to avoid our fate being in Hina's hands if at all possible…

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): That's what we get for going too far this time. Oh, well.

Fuuka (School Lunch Club): (Why did I get dragged here too? I just wanna go home...)

[Trinity District Border]

<Meanwhile, Izumi was…>

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): *sob* Wh-Where am I?! Where am I supposed to go?!

Izumi runs away

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Good work, everyone. We were able to get the situation under control thanks to your help.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Th-Thanks. I thought we got caught up in the heat of the moment.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It was a good learning experience to see how the Justice Task Force's strategizes from up close.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I hope I was helpful.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): So what's going to happen to those students?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Normally, we would decide what to do with them. But given the circumstances we're in, we'll have no choice but to defer to Gehenna's Prefect Team.

Sensei: "I thought that might be the case."

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Actually, I have a favor to ask you regarding that matter.

Sensei: “Of me? What is it?”


Hasumi (Justice Task Force): I'd like to avoid conflict as much as possible ahead of the Eden Treaty.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): With that said, would you mind being the one to hand the detainees over when the Prefect Team arrives?

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): It would lessen the political burden for both sides if Schale was the one who officially had them in custody.

Sensei: “I can do that.”

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Thank you, Sensei. I'll step back, then.

[Trinity Outskirts Bridge]

<I came to the designated spot to hand the Gourmet Research Society over to the Prefect Team.>

Sirens and a car stops

A student approaches

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): I'm here. Where are the bodies?

Sensei: “Bodies?”

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): Pardon me. I mean to say "wounded". I confuse the two sometimes.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): According to this, I'm here for three freshly wounded and one hostage.

Sensei: "Is that a delivery manifest?"

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): You don't seem to be from the Justice Task Force. Just who are you?

Sensei: "And you don't look like you're from the Prefect Team."

Door opens and footsteps are heard

???: That’s [NAME] Sensei, the advisor of Schale.

Hina appears

Sensei: “Hina!”

Hina (Prefect Team): We meet again, Sensei. What are you doing here?

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): You're acquainted, Head Prefect?

Hina (Prefect Team): You could put it that way, yes…

Brief moment skip

Hina (Prefect Team): So that's it. The prisoners were turned over to Schale to reduce the political burden of the situation.

Hina (Prefect Team): We had the same thought. That's why, officially, the Medical Emergency Club will be the ones accepting the transfer of custody. I'm merely here to supervise.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): Sena. Himuro Sena, Medical Emergency Club president. It's nice to meet you, Sensei.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): If you ever have bodies—I mean, wounded—that need transporting, please let me know. We charge a flat rate.

Sensei: “S-Sure.”

Hina (Prefect Team): The Medical Emergency Club is mostly removed from Gehenna's politics, hence why I asked them to do this job.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): I'm only interested in the deceased. I'll leave you to dirty your hands with politics.

Hina (Prefect Team): Again, they're only wounded. I doubt you've ever seen a dead body in person.

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): My mistake...but the same goes for you, Head Prefect.

Hina (Prefect Team): Anyway, you have the Gourmet Research Society here? Let's transfer them to this ambulance.

Door opens

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): It's so good to see you again, Hina.

Hina (Prefect Team): *sigh* Haruna... We can talk about this later.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): The Medical Emergency Club is here? I thinkI may have dislocated my elbow. Would you mind taking a look at it? ★

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Ugh... I think I'm gonna be sick.

Fuuka (School Lunch Club): I'm saved…

Hina (Prefect Team): You're the School Lunch Club president. I was wondering where you were.

Hina (Prefect Team): Since you've been gone,juri has been... Well, I'll explain on the way.

Hina (Prefect Team): Looks like they only managed to capture three of the four Gourmet Research Society members. I'll deal with that problem later.

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Thanks for all the hospitality, Sensei. I'll be sure to treat you to a delectable meal the next time you visit Gehenna.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): See you around. ★

Hina (Prefect Team): Shut up and get in.

Sensei: “Take care…”


Door closes

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): Transfer complete. Ready to depart.

Hina (Prefect Team): Hold a moment.

Hina (Prefect Team): …

Hina (Prefect Team): Sensei. What are you doing at Trinity?

Sensei: "I'm basically the advisor for something called the Make-Up Work Club."

Hina (Prefect Team): So I've heard. Not much escapes us.

Hina (Prefect Team): I'm more concerned about the timing. Schale is meant to be a neutral organization. Why would you be spending so many days at Trinity at a time like this? Are you...?

Sensei: “...”
Hina (Prefect Team): Never mind. I can't imagine it.


Sensei: "I have something I want to ask you too."

Hina (Prefect Team): Hmm? What is it?

Sensei: Ask Hina for her perspective on the Eden Treaty.

Fade to black

<I explained the situation in detail to Hina.>
















Hina (Prefect Team): You're in a very tight spot, Sensei.

Hina (Prefect Team): But what was that about a swimsuit symposium?

Sensei: "Don't worry about it." / "Swimsuit symposium? I didn't say anything like that..."

Hina (Prefect Team): …

Hina (Prefect Team): Moving on…

Hina (Prefect Team): This situation regarding Trinity's traitor is rather complex.

Hina (Prefect Team): There's no way to know who is telling you the truth and who is filling you with lies.

Sensei: "Truth is all a matter of perspective." / "There can be more than one truth."

Hina (Prefect Team): I'm not sure whether to call you cautious or optimistic.

Hina (Prefect Team): Are you sure it's okay for you to divulge this information to me?

Sensei: "Of course. I trust you more than anyone."

Hina (Prefect Team): …

Hina (Prefect Team): There's that bad habit of yours again.

Sensei: “...?”

Hina (Prefect Team): Nothing. I was muttering to myself.

Hina (Prefect Team): The Eden Treaty being a cover for a military alliance is an interesting perspective…

Hina (Prefect Team): ...but that's not how I see it. It truly is a peace treaty, as far as I'm concerned.

Sensei: "It is?"

Hina (Prefect Team): Nagisa alone won't be able to control the ETO through the signing of the treaty.

Hina (Prefect Team): Makoto, the chair of the Pandemonium Society, will have the same authority as her.

Hina (Prefect Team): And the authority will be further divided among other members of the Tea Party and Pandemonium Society to ensure the ETO isn't abused by one person's will or lose sight of its original purpose.

Hina (Prefect Team): The latter is still theoretically possible if they all conspired together.

Hina (Prefect Team): Though if it were that easy for them to cooperate, there wouldn't have been a need for the treaty to begin with. They would have worked on simply integrating the two academies.

Hina (Prefect Team): I also find it hard to believe that Makoto can get along with anyone.

Sensei: "Then why is she in favor of the treaty?"

Hina (Prefect Team): I don't think she's in favor of it at all... I was the one who pushed for Gehenna to agree to the Eden Treaty.

Sensei: “You? But why?”

Hina (Prefect Team): That's a good question. Perhaps because I saw it as my opportunity to retire.

Hina (Prefect Team): Gehenna will be much more orderly under the ETO. It wouldn't be necessary for me to continue on as I have.

Sensei: “...”

Sena (Medical Emergency Club): We're still waiting, Head Prefect. Have you said what you needed to?

Hina (Prefect Team): Yes. I'll be right there.

Hina (Prefect Team): Best of luck, Sensei.

Hina slowly walks off

Hina (Prefect Team): You'll keep the Make-Up Work Club safe, won't you?

Sensei: “Yes. No matter what.”


Hina (Prefect Team): Very well.

Hina (Prefect Team): Until we meet again.

Hina walks away

The car drives off


Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Phew. What a day.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It sure was. I never expected our innocent little stroll to become such an adventure.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It was enjoyable, however.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Heehee.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're looking much happier, Koharu. Are you proud that you were able to fight next to Hasumi?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): O-Of course I am! It was my first time.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): It was like a dream come true!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Aw, that's wonderful. Now you just have to pass your exam like Hasumi told you to.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I know that! I'm gonna ace the next one for sure. just like an elite would!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm sure you will. I had better study harder so you don't leave me behind.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It's getting pretty late. We should get to sleep soon or else studying will be hard tomorrow.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Good night, everyone. You too, Sensei.

Sensei: "'Night. You all did great today."

Fade to black

<This time, the day did finally come to a close.>

<<To be Continued>>








08 - A Glimmer of Hope
The Make-Up Work Club finally earn a passing score on their practice test, and Hifumi presents them all with Momo Friends merch. Azusa tells Hifumi that she'll cherish it. Nagisa calls upon Sensei and questions them about their meeting with Mika.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): You're late!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-You're the one who's early.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I began studying before sunrise and then quizzed myself on what I had studied.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Wow. You're really motivated, huh?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Naturally. Today is yet another mock exam, isn't that right?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Yeah, that's true. So that's what you've been preparing for?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. Our next official exam is only two days away, and I don't want to hold us back.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I WILL pass today!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Geez. You almost never get this fired up.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I repeatedly covered material expected to be on the test. I left no stone unturned.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): W-Well, you're not going to do better than me! I'll show you the elite power of the Justice Task Force!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's the spirit. I'll show you what I got this time too.

Sensei: "Looks like everyone is ready to go."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): In that case, let's jump right into the next mock exam!

<Second Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam>

Fade to white

Sensei: “Begin!”


Clock ticking







Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): This isn't so bad.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I know this one! I just have to... Grrr..

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): They're all moving at a much faster pace than before!

Bell rings

<I graded everyone's tests once the exam was over.>

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Whenever you're ready, Sensei.

Sensei: Check the test results.

Third Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 69 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 73 Points (Pass)
Koharu: 61 Points (Pass)
Hifumi: 75 Points (Pass)

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): W-We did it?! Everyone passed?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): This isn't a joke, right?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Success!


Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Well, well!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Way to go, Azusa! You didn't just get a D—you jumped all the way up to earning a C!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Th-Thank you.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): You did good too, Koharu. It was just barely above the line, but you still got a passing score!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I'm not dreaming, am I? That's really my score...?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): See? I told you I've been holding back! This is what I can really do!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Way to show us what it means to be a member of the Justice Task Force!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You passed this time too, Hanako.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I must have gotten lucky. What a nice score. ♥

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'm happy for you, but…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What's wrong?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I still don't understand why you ended up here, but I'm glad you're taking things seriously.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Hifumi…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'm going to keep pushing until you recover the scores you had before. I promise.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I see. I'm sorry I've had you so concerned.

Time skip

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Well, now it's time for the promised Momo Friends merchandise giveaway!

THUD







Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): At last!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Since everyone passed, you all have a chance to pick! Take whichever one you want!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Whichever one...I want...!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'll pass, but thanks.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Same.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Which one should I pick? I…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I can't! Picking only one is impossible!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The black one with horns looks good, but so is the glasses-wearing hippo!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I told you, Peroro is a bird, not a hippo…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I can't choose just one. What should I do?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I-I'm sorry, Hifumi. Could I ask you to pick for me?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): M-Me?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm. You said you really like Skullman and Professor Peroro…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Picks up






Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Then let's go with the scholarly Professor Peroro!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Fine! I'll go with this one!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Professor Peroro is known for being knowledgeable and studying hard.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I picked this one because it suits how much you've learned and how hard you're hitting the books.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I see. Like an intelligent professor.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): N-Never mind that the backstory is that Peroro studied so hard that he went a little cuckoo. That part doesn't matter…

Sensei: "You seem to like him, Azusa."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Yes, I really do. Heehee…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Thank you, Hifumi. I'll cherish it forever.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I appreciate it, but you don't have to thank me. You're the one who earned it.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Maybe so...but this is the first gift I've ever received from a friend.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I shall think of you every time I gaze upon this hippo!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Th-That's a little embarrassing... And I told you: He's a bird, not a hippo!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Who would have guessed they have so much in common?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): It's creepy…

Fade to black

<Morale was high as the group continued to study.>






Fade to black

<The day passed calmly and quietly.>

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Tomorrow's the big day.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Awww…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The second exam.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Is it that time already? The days are flying by.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I know it's been a short week, but I'm sure all the hard work we've been putting in will pay off.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Passing the last mock exam proved it. We're more than ready!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): So don't let up! Let's study as hard as we can today!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Naturally. I won't be satisfied until I score a 100.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): M-Me too!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I guess I'll just have to do the same.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I don't know about getting a perfect score, but I'm sure we can all do this.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): So let's hit the books! One more day to go!

Sensei: "Let's goooooo!"

Nagisa (Tea Party): I've been waiting for you. It's been a while, Sensei.

Nagisa (Tea Party): How have you been? Is boot camp going smoothly? Anything troubling you?

Sensei: "What do you want now?"

Nagisa (Tea Party): ...You know, I organized the boot camp to give you an opportunity to observe the students more closely.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Was it fruitful? Have you learned anything?

Nagisa (Tea Party): More specifically, do you have a leading suspect?

Sensei: "I told you I'd handle things my way."

Nagisa (Tea Party): I recall. I simply wanted to check in with you now that the second exam is upon us.

Nagisa (Tea Party): That's why I asked you here.

Black screen

Nagisa (Tea Party): As I understand it, you've had contact with Mika recently as well…

Nagisa (Tea Party): What did she have to say? Won't you tell me?

<<To be Continued>>




























09 - A Shadowy Reach
Sensei refuses to place doubt on anyone or do anything to root out the traitor. Sensei declines Nagisa's request and declares their intention to block Nagisa's flurry of doubt and ensure that the entire Make-Up Work Club passes.

Sensei: "I'm not going to waste my time being paranoid."

Nagisa (Tea Party): …?


Sensei: "All I want is for the Make-Up Work Club to pass."

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): Perhaps I should make clear why I chose each of those girls.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Though I'm sure you've already been told some version of this...here's the truth.

Nagisa (Tea Party): First, Koharu was selected to monitor Hasumi.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Hasumi hates Gehenna more than anyone. She's a ticking bomb, and no one knows what she might do.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Hanako was an outstanding student that began tanking her grades for unknown reasons. Suspicious.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Azusa is shady in her own right. She has a growing rap sheet full of armed conflict with other students.

Nagisa (Tea Party): As for Hifumi…

Sensei: "I was under the impression you thought highly of her."

Nagisa (Tea Party): You're right—I did. Compassion like hers is rare.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I've always been very fond of Hifumi, that much is true…

Nagisa (Tea Party): ...but we have intelligence that links her with a terrifying criminal organization.

Sensei: “...”


Nagisa (Tea Party): That's what I fear most: being blinded by trusting someone too dearly. It's a fatal flaw.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Even the most meticulously built tower can collapse from a single fault.

Nagisa (Tea Party): How well do I truly know Hifumi? Is there another side to her I've never seen? I don't know the answer…

Sensei: "But you DO know her! There's just been a terrible misunderstanding!"

Nagisa (Tea Party): And you know that how? Are you willing to vouch for her?

Nagisa (Tea Party): Can you prove Hifumi's innocence? That she's always been sincere?

Nagisa (Tea Party): Your claims mean nothing without concrete proof.

Nagisa (Tea Party): It's impossible to prove the sincerity of another's heart.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I know full well how compassionate, polite, and kind Hifumi can be...but I'll never be able to prod around and know what's truly in her heart.

Nagisa (Tea Party): In the end, we're all strangers.

Sensei: “...”

Nagisa (Tea Party): That's why they each must be expelled for the sake of the Eden Treaty.

Sensei: "I finally get it. It makes perfect sense now."

Nagisa (Tea Party): …?

Sensei: "You're nothing but a cynical skeptic."

Nagisa (Tea Party): Me? Cynical?

Sensei: "You only see what you want to see and believe what you want to believe."

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Sensei: "Your conspiracies end here." / "The Make-Up Work Club WILL pass."

Nagisa (Tea Party): Haha. Very well.

Nagisa (Tea Party): This simplifies things.

Nagisa (Tea Party): The best of luck to you, Sensei.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I'll just have to take matters into my own hands.

Sensei: Turn and leave.

<<To be Continued>>




































10 - The Second Exam Part 1
Sudden changes to the second exam are announced. Everyone is shocked and stunned by the test's newly expanded scope, higher bar to pass, and relocation of the testing site to Gehenna Academy. Azusa insists it's too soon to give up, and the club heads to the test site.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I think we did exactly what we set out to do today!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Now we're all ready for the second exam tomorrow.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): We've been at boot camp for a week now, and I know we have what it takes to pass with flying colors.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Fine…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's right!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Of course!

Sensei: "Couldn't agree more."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): And once we do, we'll all officially graduate from the Make-Up Work Club.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Let's not let all of that studying go to waste!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): We're going to end our time together on a high note!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I hadn't thought about it, but you're right. We'll have to go our separate ways once we all pass.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-Why are you getting so sentimental all of a sudden?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We've had a lot of fun together. Are you sad to see it end, Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): No. All things come to an end eventually. For every beginning, there is a conclusion.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You don't have to make it sound so definite. It isn't as though any of us are truly going anywhere even once the club dissolves.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We'll still be Trinity students, so we can spend time together whenever we want.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Y-Yeah! You can visit me at theJustice Task Force club room any time.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Oh.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It's not like we're living the end of a teen drama and never going to see each other again. And we can worry about hanging out again after we've passed our exams.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Anyway, why don't we turn in early tonight so that we're rested for tomorrow?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Where's the exam going to be held anyway? At the academy's main building?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, right. I haven't read the announcement yet.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Let's see. I just need to check the academy notice board on my phone and…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Huh?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Is something wrong?

THUD with black

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What's going on?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Let me see... "Notice of changes made to the second Make-Up Work Club Evaluation Exam".

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): "The scope of the exam will be roughly triple that of the first exam."

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What?! Why?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): "Additionally, the minimum score needed to receive a passing grade has been raised from a 60 to a 90."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): E-Even I've never scored that high before…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What the heck is going on?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It looks like this was posted late last night. Why would they make so many sudden changes the day before the exam?

Sensei: "Only one person could've done this."

Cut to Nagisa grinning

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Most likely. Nagisa must have learned how well we did on our recent mock exam somehow.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): This is her sending a message. She's going to find grounds to expel us, no matter the cost.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Expel?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What's this about being expelled?! What are you talking about?!

Sensei: (They deserve to know too.)

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Right. We can discuss that later, but there's still more to the notice they posted.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It also says the test location and time have been moved. The new location is..."Gehenna district, Zone 15-77. Abandoned building, first floor..."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Gehenna district?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Why are we taking the exam in Gehenna?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): That can't be right! Why would a Trinity club be sent there?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And I can only assume we'll be failed automatically if we don't comply.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): A-And we're gonna be expelled if that happens?! This is the first anyone's told me!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: Explain the truth.

Time skip

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): We'll be expelled if we fail three exams?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I won‘t let that happen.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'm sorry we didn't tell you the truth sooner. I never thought things would become this dire…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): B-But I'll never be able to return to theJustice Task Force if I'm expelled!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm so sorry, Koharu.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Thank you for clarifying. I think we should get moving.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-Where? Why now?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The exam time has been changed. It's taking place at 3 AM. We'll have to leave now if we hope to make it in time.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It's at three in the MORNING?! Really?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): There's no time to be shocked or angry. We can save it for after the exam.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Complaining about the obstacles they've placed in our way won't accomplish anything. I still intend to fight until I can't fight anymore.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hmm.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Uh-oh…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She's right. We can't simply give up.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Think of it as another fun midnight stroll! I've never ventured all the way to Gehenna just to take an exam.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Have you two lost your minds? This is getting way too weird!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Let's depart immediately. Make sure to bring your weapons.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Are we going there to fight? I thought we were going to take the exam!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Gehenna's district is known to be much more dangerous than Trinity's, and the Prefect Team undoubtedly has its hands busy preparing for the treaty.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You have to be kidding... Why has it come to this?

Guns cocked and loaded

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Please give the order, Sensei.

Sensei: "Gear up, everyone. Let's do this!"

[Gehenna Backstreets]

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We'll officially be in the heart of the Gehenna district just past here. Not exactly the friendliest neighborhood I've ever been in…

Thug: Looks like we have some fresh meat! I've never seen YOU around here before!

Hoodlum: What's the rush? Why are you in such a hurry?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): This is a little on the nose…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): W-We're on our way to take an exam.

Hoodlum: What are you talkin' about? What exam?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I know how it sounds…

Thug: You can't walk around our turf at night! Who do you think you are?!

Thug: Wait. Is that a Trinity uniform?

Hoodlum: You mean that rich academy full of princesses? So we could kidnap 'em and hold 'em for ransom, then?

Thug: Now you're thinkin'!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I was afraid something like this would happen…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): This is a waste of time.

Ching

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Think fast.

<Battle Sequence>
The Make-Up Work Club heads to the test site while laying waste to Gehenna delinquents standing in their way.

Explosion

Thug: Ahhhhhh!

Black Screen and falling

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Well, that was easy.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Let's keep moving.

Azusa zooms away

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): W-Wait! Don't leave me behind!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): S-Sorry about all this. We're just passing through.

<<To be Continued>>













11 - The Second Exam Part 2
The Prefect Team stop the Make-Up Work Club upon their arrival, mistaking them for theJustice Task Force. The Gourmet Research Society arrives just in time and helps clear the way for the Make-Up Work Club. However, everyone still flunks the exam due to Nagisa's interference.

[Gehenna District]

Footsteps

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): We finally made it.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Where is everyone? I know it's the middle of the night, but it's like the city is completely deserted.

Gunfire

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Gunfire. There's a battle nearby.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): As curious as I am, we should stay focused. We need to reach the testing site.

Footsteps

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): There's a checkpoint up ahead.

Prefect Team Member A (Prefect Team): Halt! Entry beyond this point is prohibited!

Prefect Team Member B (Prefect Team): There's a curfew in effect for the entire district. You should be going back to your dorms.

Prefect Team Member B (Prefect Team): Wait. Don't those uniforms belong to Trinity?

Prefect Team Member A (Prefect Team): What are Trinity students doing in the Gehenna district?! Are you conspiring to launch an attack?! Answer us!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): N-No, of course not! We're just passing through…

Prefect Team Member A (Prefect Team): Trinity girls don't just 'pass through' Gehenna without good reason.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): If you must know, we're here to take an exam. We don't want any trouble.

Prefect Team Member A (Prefect Team): Since when are Trinity exams held in the Gehenna district?! You expect us to believe that?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I know it sounds far fetched, but it's the truth.

Prefect Team Member B (Prefect Team): Hold on. That girl's wearing a Justice Task Force uniform…

! Koharu stares embarrassingly

Prefect Team Member A (Prefect Team): We're under attack! The Justice Task Force is launching an invasion!

Prefect Team Member B (Prefect Team): Come in, HQ! The enemy has made their move!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What?! It's not like that!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It's useless. Let's just wipe them out.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But won't that just make us look guilty?!

Whoosh

Explosion

Prefect Team Member A (Prefect Team): Ahhhhhh!

Prefect Team Member B (Prefect Team): They got us…

Both Prefect members fucking die

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa, WHY?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That wasn't me.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That grenade came from behind us. Who could it be?

Car screech and door closes

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): Sorry we're late, Sensei. ★

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Good eye, Akari. So what brings you here?

Sensei: "The Gourmet Research Society!"

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): A-Aren't these the ones we fought just a couple of nights ago?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're right. They're the ones who attacked the aquarium.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I have no idea what's going on anymore…

Time skip

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): So that's what you're up to. You just need to get to that testing site, right?

Sensei: "It's an emergency."

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): I can see that, but your timing is most unfortunate. In case you hadn't heard, there's a bit of a situation happening in the district right now.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): The Hot Springs Department caused an explosion in the middle of the city. It's a real cluster fudge.

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): The Prefect Team has its hands full cleaning up after them, leaving us the perfect opportunity to slip out of our cell.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): And wouldn't you know it? The School Lunch Club president just happened to agree to let us borrow the catering truck. Wasn't that nice of her?

Fuuka (School Lunch Club): Hnnngh! Hngh Hngh!

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): It even still has that new catering truck smell. How kind of her to let us borrow it. What a wonderful friend.

Fuuka (School Lunch Club): Hnnnnnngh!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It sounds like...someone is tied up in the back of that truck.

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Oh, that? That's just Fuuka's way of having fun. She's a rascal, that one.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): No one's better at playing hostage than her! ★

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Where the heck are you two?! We managed to get away. Let's meet up already!

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): Ahhh! The Prefect Team is still chasing us!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Sorry,Junko, but there's been a change of plan.

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): What?! Why?!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): We're going to play escort for Sensei and those Trinity students. There's a debt to repay.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): We can talk about the details later. Let's get a move on, people!

Sensei: "All right. You drive."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): U-Uh... Thanks, I think?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): We're taking this catering truck?

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): Buckle up, everyone. Off we go! ★

Fade to black as the sound of a car drives away

<Two hours later.>

Explosion







Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Ahhhhhh!

Another explosion






Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): How did it come to this?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Stop shaking so much, Hifumi! I can't get a shot!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It's not me! That's the ground shaking below us!

Another explosion







Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Ahhhhhh! Something exploded again!

Intense moped sounds

Izumi (Gourmet Research Society): That Trinity girl isn't half bad on a bike!

Junko (Gourmet Research Society): Come on! Try to keep up!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'm trying! I'm trying!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Expect another explosion in eight seconds, Akari.

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): Okie doke. No sweat. ★

INTENSE CAR NOISES

Fuuka (School Lunch Club): Harunaaa! Just let me go already!

Haruna (Gourmet Research Society): Do you hear that? Even Fuuka is cheering us on. Why don't we spice things up a little more?

Akari (Gourmet Research Society): I like the way you think!









Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-Is that a forklift chasing us?! And a bulldozer?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Why is the Gehenna Hot Springs Department after us?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): The Prefect Team isn't far behind!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): This is Bravo Squad. Alpha Squad, please respond.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): A-Azusa?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Please use the code names. Anyway, the operation was unsuccessful. We're surrounded.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Huh?! What did you just say?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The Hot Springs Department has the path forward blocked with a flamethrower, and that girl with twin tails from the Prefect Team is blocking the rear.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hanako and I will try to escape on our own. We'll see you at the rendezvous point. Good luck.

<*click*>

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): D-Don't just hang up! Azusa!!!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): We're only trying to take an exam! That's all!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): WHY IS THIS HAPPENING?!

Black screen and a final explosion

Hifumi and Koharu, slowly lurching forward

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Please let it be over…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-Is this it? Did we come to the right place?

Sensei: "Thank goodness you're both all right."

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei! There you are!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'm glad you're okay too. Sorry we got separated.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I feared the worst when the catering truck fell into the river.

Sensei: "Haruna gave a thumbs up as we sank into the water. I hope she's okay."

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What about Azusa and Hanako?!

Black screen

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Don't worry. We're here too.

Hanako glimmering in her swimsuit

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): *inhale* *exhale* It's 2:45 AM. We made it with time to spare.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: (I want to ask...but let's just move on.)

Time skip

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): So this is the testing site?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yeah. First floor of an abandoned building in Gehenna district, Zone 15-77.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): How are we supposed to take an exam in a place like this? And who's going to administer it?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I don't sense anyone else here. They must have left something for us.

Azusa looks around

!!

Picks up

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Here. Take a look at this.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What do we have here? An artillery shell? Inactive, I would hope.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It's the warhead of an L118 towed artillery—typically used for demonstration and propaganda. The detonator has been removed.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The L118 belongs to the Tea Party. Which means this was sent by Nagisa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. There must be something inside.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I’ll open it.

<*click*>

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): There's paper inside... Those must be our exams!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Still intact as well. There's also a small portable communicator here.

Nagisa (Tea Party): So you've managed to arrive in one piece.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): N-Nagisa?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): That voice belongs to the girl you've been talking about?

Sensei: "This isn't over, Nagisa!"

Nagisa (Tea Party): My, my. I can hear such resentment in your voices... Just kidding. This is a recording, so shouting at me will get you nowhere.

Sensei: “...”

Nagisa (Tea Party): You have until the deadline to complete your exams, and then you can return.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Don't forget: I'll have my eye on you in the meantime. Best of luck, Make-Up Work Club.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Do be careful.

<*beep*>

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): U-Ugh…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): What was that last comment supposed to mean?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): We don't have much time. Let's begin.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): You're right! The second evaluation exam officially starts NOW!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Understood.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): R-Roger!

Sensei: "Good luck, everyone... Begin!"

The gang walk away as it fades to black

Hot Springs Development Member A (Hot Springs Development): Is this the place?

Hot Springs Development Member B (Hot Springs Development): It's the right address. Should be somewhere around here.

Hot Springs Development Member A (Hot Springs Development): I don't know who it was, but I'm glad someone tipped us off about there being I don't know who it was, but I'm glad someone tipped us off about there being

Hot Springs Development Member B (Hot Springs Development): Back up. Time to blow this place sky high.

Hot Springs Development Member A (Hot Springs Development): It's developin' time!

Click

MASSIVE EXPLOSION

The Second Evaluation Exam Results

Hanako - Exam paper lost (Fail)
Azusa - Exam paper lost (Fail)
Koharu - Exam paper lost (Fail)
Hifumi - Exam paper lost (Fail)

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Our exam papers!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): They're gone. Without a trace…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei, are you still with us?

Sensei: "I think I'm fine."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): So this was her insurance policy. She really will stop at nothing!

Fade to black

The Make-Up Work Club has failed the second exam!

<<To be Continued>>






















12 - Back to Square One
The students are shocked to learn someone in the Tea Party is conspiring to have them expelled. The students decide to return to their respective rooms to decompress. Later that night, Azusa slips out alone with Hanako quietly tailing behind.

<Later that same day.>

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I can't take this anymore!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What are we supposed to do?!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): The whole reason we're here is to avoid being expelled.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): And if we don't put our heads together and figure something out…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): ...then we'll all be expelled by this time next week.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I think this needs something more than a cliché like "put our heads together" to solve. What if we thought outside the box instead?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Like..."Let's put our bodies together!" How does that sound?

?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Get your mind out of the gutter, you perv, or I'll blow it off your shoulders!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm not sure what you were imagining just now, but I could always demonstrate it for you instead. Why don't you come a little closer?

Hanako steps closer to Koharu

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hey!

Hanako steps forward again

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): P-Personal space! Stranger danger!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Here I come!

KOHARU GETS FUCKING RA-

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): No, let me go! Save me, Sensei! Save meeeeee...!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Just let me go already! This isn't how I want my first time to be!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Fascinating. I've never seen such effective CQC techniques. I'll remember this for later.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): However, I would suggest targeting and snapping her keyjoints first. You made too many unnecessary moves with your hands.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei. About Nagisa…

Sensei: “I’ll do what I can.”


Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Thank you.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): We're all going to be expelled at this rate…

Fade to black

<I went to arrange a meeting with Nagisa after that, but couldn't track down where she was.>

<I tried contacting Mika, but even her whereabouts were unknown.>

[Annex Building]

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Home sweet home again.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): We thought our time here had come to end, yet here we still are. Life can be very unpredictable.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Stop being so wishy-washy! We need to come up with a plan!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): A top-ranking Tea Party official is gunning for us in case you forgot. We're screwed at this rate!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Our third and final exam is in a week, so we still have one last chance.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yes, but we know how far she's willing to stoop to prevent us from even taking it. Our odds aren't looking good.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I still can't believe she had the testing site destroyed…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Why is this happening in the first place?! What made her so hellbent to expel US?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I'm supposed to believe someone here is gonna betray Trinity?! That doesn't make any sense!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I'll... I'll never be able to return to the Justice Task Force at this rate…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Koharu…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: "It's my fault. I'm the one who provoked Nagisa."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You were sticking up for us. There's nothing to apologize for.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I wouldn't have been as nice to that witch if I were in your shoes.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Let's not forget we're going to have to raise our scores to nearly perfect within a week.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's on top of any other underhanded tricks she might pull to stop us. We'll have to be careful.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): *sob* It's hopeless. I worked so hard just to score a 61. How am I supposed to get my grade even higher?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I worked as hard as I can already. I'm too dumb for this stuff. I can't... *sob*

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Koharu…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Don't be so hard on yourself.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I think we should get some rest for now.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): There must be something we can do. I'm sure of it. Sensei and I will try to think of something.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You need rest just as much as everyone else. You've been pushing yourself harder than any of us.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I-I know, but I'm the president…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'll help think of a solution too. I can handle it, even while helping Koharu study.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Like you said, we should all get some rest for now, though.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I guess so. Let's head to bed.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Okay. Good night, everyone.

Fade to black

Six days until final exam.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa walks away

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

<<To be Continued>>










13 - In Spite of Everything
The Make-Up Work Club prepares for the final exam despite being backed up against the wall. Hanako quietly watches as Azusa has a secret meeting with Saori the day before the exam.

<The Make-Up Work Club continued to study hard every day in preparation for the third exam.>

This is a masterpiece, that I can’t give enough justice to.

Fourth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 100 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 82 Points (Fail)
Koharu: 74 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 79 Points (Fail)

Fifth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 100 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 94 Points (Pass)
Koharu: 90 Points (Pass)
Hifumi: 93 Points (Pass)

Sixth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 100 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 91 Points (Pass)
Koharu: 83 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 89 Points (Fail)

Six days until the final exam.

Five days until the final exam.

Four days until the final exam.

Three days until the final exam.

Two days until the final exam.

One day until the final exam.


Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Tomorrow's the big day.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That it is.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): They aren't going to change the time and place again at the last second, are they?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I've checked, and nothing's changed as of yet.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's still the same time and place, but we have to score a 90 or higher too.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Trinity Building 19, Classroom 32. It's on the outskirts of the district, but not unreasonably far away.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The exam begins at 9 AM—exactly as scheduled.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The only strange thing I've noticed this week is how quiet the main campus has been. I haven't seen any students around at all.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm going to keep an eye on the notice board just in case.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): But you need to get a good night's sleep just like the rest of us.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'll be fine. It's the least I can do for everyone.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That's not true at all! You've helped us immensely this week. The rest of us were only able to raise our scores as high as we did because of your tutoring.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're giving me too much credit. It was you three who put in all the hard work.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You were burning the candle at both ends every single night to study.

Sensei: "I think you should all be proud."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Scoring a 90 or higher on any test can be hard, but maybe—just maybe—if all the questions seem familiar, then…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): That's just wishful thinking! I'm gonna cram all night this time!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): They can't fail me ifI score 100 points! Just watch!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): That's true Koharu, but I really think you should rest tonight.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We all know how hard you've been working. Don't let it go to waste by being too tired to focus tomorrow.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): True. Your body needs to be just as prepared as your mind.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That goes for you too, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I know. I'll be well-rested—for tonight at least.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It all comes down to tomorrow.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I... No, let's leave it at that. I promise to pass tomorrow.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Me too! I'm not going down like this!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It's strange. I was feeling kinda down about our chances. But you two are right—I should be more optimistic.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You should. Everyone's done the best they can do.

Sensei: "The situation is dire, sure, but have faith in yourselves."

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Yes, Sensei.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Right.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Yes.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Fade to black

Less than 12 hours from the final exam.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa walks away

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

???: The fated day has changed, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It has?

???: Tomorrow morning. Wait for further orders at the agreed point.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hold on, Saori. Tomorrow, I'm supposed to be…

Saori (???): Is there a problem?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Preparations are incomplete. Changing to an earlier date poses an immense risk.

Saori (???): The decision is final. Trust your training and be ready, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Saori (???): The course of history will change tomorrow—for both Arius and Trinity.

Saori (???): Don't lose sight of your mission. You are to destroy the halo of the Tea Party's leader, Kirifuji Nagisa. Nothing else matters.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Saori (???): I know you can handle yourself. Just as you did with Seia.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Understood. I won't object any further.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I should prepare for tomorrow's mission.

Azusa walks away

Saori (???): Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): ...?

Saori (???): Never forget. Vanitas vanitatum.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Everything is in vain. Of course.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): All efforts, achievements, and even failures are meaningless in the end.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I've never lost sight of that—not even once.

Azusa walks away

Saori (???): …

Scene change

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

<<To be Continued>>






























14 - A Confession
The students gather together at night. Azusa confesses that she is the traitor once the full scope of Nagisa's interference is revealed. Azusa blames herself, but Sensei says it isn't her fault. Hanako declares they will find a way to pass no matter what.

[Sensei’s Room]

Knocking

Door opens

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hi, Sensei... I thought you might still be awake.

Sensei: "Having trouble sleeping too?"

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. I just can't manage to fall asleep.

Knocking

Door opens

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Don't forget about me!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hanako…

Door opens

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What are you all doing in here?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Shouldn't you be asleep, Koharu?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Look who's talking! Tomorrow's exam day for all of us!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She‘s got us there…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa ran off somewhere from the looks of it too.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I can get why she'd be anxious, but…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Actually, I went out too. I met with some of my contacts from the Sisterhood. There were a few things I was trying figure out.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's about the building where we're scheduled to have our exam.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): D-Don't tell me they changed the location again!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No, it's not that. I was told the entire Justice Task Force has been dispatched to defend the building.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?!


Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): All of them...?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The Tea Party told them the building houses sensitive documents relating to the Eden Treaty and to protect it at any cost.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The entire campus is under martial law. That explains why things have been so quiet.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-You can't be serious. Nothing like this has ever happened before.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No one is being allowed to enter or leave campus until the Eden Treaty has been signed.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Then how are we supposed to take our exam tomorrow?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We'll essentially have to fight the entireJustice Task Force if we want to take the exam.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): No…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): That can't be right... I should try contacting Hasumi.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I don't think that will do any good. Hasumi and the others were likely kept in the dark about their orders' real purpose.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She would be disobeying orders if she helped us. Hasumi would be expelled from theJustice Task Force at the very least.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Nagisa is not going to relent. She will do everything in her power to have the Make-Up Work Club expelled.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Is all of this really necessary? Why is she so paranoid?

Door opens

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It's because of me.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa?! Where have you been?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): There's something I have to tell all of you.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Are you sick or something? You look so pale.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): And you're shaking.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): There's something I've been hiding from you…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): ...but I can't hide it any longer.

Fade to black

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I'm the one Nagisa is looking for. I am Trinity's traitor.

…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Huh?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): What are you talking about?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I originally attended the Arius Satellite School. I was able to infiltrate Trinity because my documents were forged.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): A-Arius? Infiltrated...?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wait. What's Arius?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The Arius Satellite School...was the faction that opposed the Trinity alliance when it was formed many years ago.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): A lot of complications arose from that, and Arius has been in hiding ever since, as I understand it.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's correct. I had never once left the Arius district in my life until I began this mission.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I infiltrated Trinity at Arius' behest.









Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): My mission is...to destroy Nagisa's halo.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): What?! That means you're...!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Your...mission is to kill her?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Correct. Arius is determined to eliminate the Tea Party at all costs.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Arius convinced Mika to place me at Trinity under the guise of reconciling relations between our two academies.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): They must have targeted her because of her inexperience and naivety. Mika isn't nearly as politically adept as Nagisa.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): They may have even planned to pin the blame on her after the deed was done.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I've heard Arius and Trinity were mortal enemies, but I never could have imagined that something like this was being plotted in this day and age.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Why tell us any of this? What's it got to do with us?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I get a lot is going on behind the scenes between Trinity and Arius, but what's it have to do with our club?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Arius students will advance on Trinity tomorrow morning with their sights set on Nagisa…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): ...and I'm going to protect her.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-You're going to protect Nagisa?! But tomorrow is...!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I know, but there's no other choice. I must stop them.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): The campus is under martial law, but Nagisa has the entireJustice Task Force stationed at the building where we're supposed to have our exam. The main building will be practically defenseless.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): There's never been a better time for an attack. That's why Arius is striking now.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hanako…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Wait, something still doesn't make sense!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): You said your mission was to assassinate Nagisa! Why do you suddenly want to protect her?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's because…

Black screen

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Because that's the real reason you enrolled at Trinity, isn't it?

!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You took on the mission to assassinate Nagisa because your real objective was to protect her from the very beginning. You're a double agent, aren't you?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You've been telling Arius what they want to hear, but in secret you've been preparing to betray them.

Cut to Azusa and Saori meeting

Present

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): So why protect Nagisa? Whose orders are you following?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): No one's. This is my own decision.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): The Eden Treaty will fall through without Nagisa. If that happens, Kivotos will only plunge further into chaos.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): And more academies could suffer the same fate Arius has.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Are you saying you're doing this for the sake of peace?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're being naive. What you're attempting is as foolish as the treaty itself, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're a liar and a traitor.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You hid your identity from Trinity and your true intentions from Arius. You've lied to everyone around you and deceived them into thinking you're someone you're not. Isn't that right?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Hanako…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I told you before. I knew a day would come where I betray everything I've ever known—my friends, my faith, and my heart.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, Azusa. Why...?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): As I said, I'm the traitor Nagisa has been searching for. I've put the Make-Up Work Club in grave danger.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I'm sorry... I understand if you despise me—welcome it, even. Everything that's happening is my fault.

Sensei: "That's not true, Azusa."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei?

Sensei: "We're in this crisis because Nagisa didn't trust anyone."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Cut to Nagisa

Sensei: "If only Nagisa had trusted the four of you."

Cut to Mika

Sensei: "And if Mika had believed in Nagisa, then..."

Present

Sensei: "...none of this would've happened. This is where being untrusting led us."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yes, I know, Sensei. I'm actually very aware of that.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I also know it's nearly impossible to change someone as jaded as Nagisa. She has no faith in anyone but herself.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yet the same can't be said about our little Azusa. She trusted us with the truth and apologized. She didn't even make excuses or become defensive when I pushed her buttons.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Sorry I did that, but I couldn't help tease you when I saw your adorable and innocent expression. It was tugging on my heartstrings a little too tightly.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's strange. Our Make-Up Work Club has become the center stage of everything happening, and there's a great big spotlight exposing all of our dirty little secrets.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Normally, you wouldn't expect a spy like Azusa to remain in the spotlight for very long.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You could have disappeared without a trace weeks ago if you truly wanted to…

Black screen

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): ...and yet you didn't.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And I thinkI know why…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It was because you were having so much fun.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …!


Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You enjoyed us studying together, eating together—even doing the laundry and cleaning together. You had fun every single time.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You didn't want the fun times together to end.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You reveled in us all working together toward the same goal. You've had fun learning beside your clubmates and Sensei.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Isn't that right, Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Well, I…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. You're right.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I can't think of any other explanation.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I enjoyed learning new things with each of you and sharing our lives…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): ...and I didn't want that to change.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): There's still so much more to learn and places we can go together.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Like the beach, festivals, and theme parks.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I understand. I knew someone who felt the same way.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She was so talented and adept. Everyone couldn't help but adore and praise the things she did.

Flashback

Students: Splendid job, Urawa! That was a complex problem.

Next scene

Student Officer: Heh heh. We could really use your support, Urawa.

Next scene

The Sisterhood (The Sisterhood): Why not join us, Urawa. We're the only ones who can keep the Tea Party in check.

Next scene

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): Be ready, Hanako. There will almost certainly be a seat open for you at the Tea Party next year.

Next scene

???: *sigh*

???: This isn't me…

???: All I want to do is…

Fade to black

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She found Trinity General School to be a place replete with deception, prejudice, and hypocrisy.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It was somewhere she couldn't open herself up to anyone or be her true self.

Next scene

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): Aren't you lonely?

Present

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Everything felt so meaningless to her, so she tried her hardest to drop out of the academy.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): For her, it was like breaking out of prison.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're a much different girl than she was, Azusa. Perhaps better, even.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Come to think of it, you completing this mission would mean the end of your academy life, wouldn't it?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You enrolled under false pretenses and plan to betray the place you originally came from. You'll have nowhere to return to once this is over.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Th-That hadn't even dawned on me…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You knew that was inevitable, yet you still worked your heart out while in the Make-Up Work Club.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That other girl tanked her exams on purpose so she could run away while you dedicated yourself to the fullest.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Why? Why try so hard? You said it your self: vanitas vanitatum. Vanity of vanities—everything is in vain.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): There is undoubtedly some truth in those words…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): ...and yet, that's not all you said. There was something else you added at the end.

Flashback

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. Even if everything is in vain, there's no reason we shouldn't give life our all.

Next scene

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): But you shouldn't allow yourself to be bullied. Even if everything is meaningless, you should never give up.

Present

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It was then that the girl I spoke of realized something.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She realized how much fun academy life can truly be.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Cleaning the swimming pool in her underwear, going out for a midnight stroll in nothing but her swimsuit, having a symposium with her friends as they wore absolutely nothing at all... It was so much fun.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's...not how I recall most of those.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): It was a SWIMSUIT symposium! We were wearing our swimsuits!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): So you DID clean the pool in your panties! You admit it!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Heehee. ♥

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It turns out that girl isn't so different from you after all, Azusa. So, even if everything is in vain, I don't think we should give up just yet.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hanako…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Didn't you say you wanted to learn more? Discover more?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That there was so much more you wanted to experience? Like visiting the beach or staying out all night.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Why give up on those dreams now?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): There's no reason to. Nothing has changed.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Your mission is now OUR mission. We'll protect Kirifuji Nagisa from Arius' attack.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And then we're going to take our exam and pass.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That witch won't have any complaints once we do that. We'll pass—even with all of the ridiculous conditions she's placed on us.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It doesn't matter how many soldiers she places in front of that testing site or how many subjects the exam covers. We're each going to score a 90 or higher.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Because what other choice do we have?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): But...how? It should be physically impossible.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Arius' attack coincides with the start of the exam.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Could we maybe ask others for help...?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It won't be enough to help us pass our exam.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): If we're going to do this, we'll need to get one step ahead.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Up until now, we've been playing right into our opponents' hands. This time, we're going to devise something of our own. We already have all the talent we need in this very room.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): A member of theJustice Task Force, a guerrilla warfare expert, a seemingly average student favored by the Tea Party, and me, someone who knows everything there is to know about Trinity.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): F-Favored...?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And to top it off, we have [NAME] Sensei: the ever-capable leader of Schale.

Sensei: "I...suppose, yeah."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): With a lineup like this…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): ...we could overthrow Trinity in half a day!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Wh-What?!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Who said anything about doing that?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Relax. I know the plan is to take the third exam and avoid failing. ♥

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'll devise the plan. All you have to do is follow instructions and give your all.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Now let's show them what we're made of!

Sensei: "L-Let's goooooo?"

<<To be Continued>>








15 - Lighting the Fuse
Arius forces come to ambush Nagisa, but Azusa and Hanako beat them to the punch and kidnap Nagisa themselves. Afterwards, Azusa engages in combat with the subsequent rush of Arius students.

Arius troops march in

Arius Student A: Squad IV confirming arrival.

Arius Student B: Conditions as expected. No additional security spotted.

Radio noises

Arius Student C: Units V, VI, and VII are all on standby.

Arius Student A: Target's location confirmed. Operation will proceed as scheduled.

Arius Student A: Move out.

Arius troops move out








Nagisa (Tea Party): *sigh*

Knocking

Nagisa (Tea Party): No. I've had my fill of tea.

Door creaks open

Nagisa (Tea Party): Huh?

Black screen

???: Having trouble sleeping?

Nagisa (Tea Party): …?!

Hanako appears

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You must be anxious. Understandable, since you had the entireJustice Task Force deployed away from here.

Nagisa (Tea Party): U-Urawa Hanako?! What are you doing here?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Are you asking howI knew you'd be at this particular safe house? That's because I know the rotation order of all 87 panic rooms used by the Tea Party.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …?!


Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I also know about the measures that fall just outside of the regulations too—like how you like to hide in this secret penthouse of yours when you're especially nervous.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Wh-What is the meaning of this?!

Gun cocks

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Don't move.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): By the way, we already met your minimal security detail on our way here. They're going to be indisposed for a little while.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Both Urawa Hanako and Shirasu Azusa. It couldn't be…

Nagisa (Tea Party): To think there wasn't just one traitor, but two.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): No, not quite. Besides, Azusa and I are just the meeting party. Someone else here is calling the shots.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …!


Nagisa (Tea Party): Who?! I demand to know who it is!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Answer my question first. Did you truly need to go this far, Nagisa?

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm referring to how you've handled our club. I understand why you would be so concerned, but did you really need to involve Schale and its authority as well?

Nagisa (Tea Party): Well....

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I can even see why you would find Azusa and myself to be so suspicious, but why cast doubt on someone like Hifumi too? Why involve an innocent bystander like Koharu?

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Especially Hifumi. She thought you were her friend.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): How could you be so cruel? Did you ever consider how much it would hurt her?!

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): I recognize what I put Hifumi through wasn't right, even ifI had the greater good in mind.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Part of me hoped we could still be friends when all of this was over...but I have no regrets.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Heehee. ♥

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Then I should deliver a message to you from our commander.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She says, "It was a funny fantasy, thinking we were ever really friends."

Nagisa (Tea Party): What? Then the one leading you is...?

Black screen and gunfire

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Target secured.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): She took an entire 5.56mm round magazine point blank. She'll be out for at least another hour.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Excellent work, Azusa. Would you mind playing decoy from here on like we planned?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Understood. This should allow the false intel to reach Trinity's true traitor.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Arius will have no choice but to hasten their attack if your theory is correct.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's right. There are some questions still to be answered…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): ...but I'm convinced that there really is a traitor, at the very least.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): By the way. Was the last thing you said to her really necessary?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, that was just my little way of repaying Hifumi. Nagisa had that one coming.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Besides, I'm sure that little misunderstanding will be cleared up sooner or later. ♥

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Never mind that. Can you tell me how many soldiers Arius will be sending? Will you be able to hold them off by yourself?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I don't know the exact number, but I've been preparing for this.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I set traps and dug trenches around the academy every night. I'll lure them there and use the terrain to my advantage to buy time.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I'll meet you at the rendezvous point.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): All right. See you soon!

Azusa and Hanako split up

Door slams

Arius Student A: Panic room clear! Target not found!

Arius Commander: Someone else has been here. The intel was credible.

Arius Commander: Search the perimeter! Make sure not to be seen!

Arius Commander: Where is the spy we were supposed to make contact with?! We need an update!

Arius Student C: This is Unit IV! I-It's an ambush!

Arius Commander: What?!

Azusa standing in smoke

Arius Student C: Our contact! We've been had!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): (huff puff)

Arius Student C: Ahhhhhh!

Arius Commander: Wh-What's happening?! The spy betrayed us?!

Gunfire and explosions

???: Yes. I have.

Arius Commander: ...?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Your target has been intercepted.

Arius Commander: Wh-Why?! Why would you do something like this?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Because I have an exam to take in a few hours.

Arius Commander: Huh?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Also, theJustice Task Force has been informed of the situation. If you're going to retreat, I would suggest you do it now.

<*click*>

Arius Commander: …

Arius Student A: What are we going to do? Should we retreat?

Arius Commander: No, she's bluffing. According to the intel we received, theJustice Task Force won't be going anywhere.

Arius Commander: It's psychological warfare. She wants us to retreat. Chase after her!

Arius Students: Yes!

<<To be Continued>>









































16 - A Fearsome Clash
Arius students launch an attack and succeed in backing the Make-Up Work Club into a corner. The Make-Up Work Club and Sensei begin their counterattack.

[Boot Camp Site]

Arius Student A: This way! We confirmed that she took the target and entered this building!

Arius Commander: This must be where Shirasu Azusa has built her stronghold.

Arius Student B: Only two entrances lead inside! One is barricaded.

Arius Commander: She's left only one entrance—a likely trap. Destroy the barricade and enter through the other!

Arius Student A: That will give away our position. Are you sure this is what you want to do?

Arius Commander: Yes. I was just informed by Squad that reinforcements are on their way.

Arius Commander: We can no longer consider this an assassination mission. We're at war with Trinity. We must retrieve the target!

Arius Commander: Prepare yourselves!

Black screen and explosions

Arius troops march in

Arius Commander: Charge!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Just as expected.

Arius Student A: A trap?!

Kaboom

Black screen

Arius Student B: Ahhhhhh!

Arius Commander: Don't falter! If we can just make it inside, we'll easily outnumber her!

Explosion

Arius Student: Ahhhhhh! Another trap!

Next scene

Explosion

Arius Student: Claymore mines!

Next scene

Explosion

Arius Student: That bag was an IED! Ahhhhhh!

Next scene

Arius troops march in

Arius Commander: Your insubordination ends here, Shirasu Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Wow, you took out so many of them, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): True.

Arius Commander: You're trapped. Now tell me where the target is.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Hidden within the building.

Arius Commander: We have reinforcements on the way. You'll be surrounded. There's no escape.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Just how many reinforcements?

Arius Commander: More than you can handle!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): And what about Squad?

Arius Commander: Unrequired. On another mission.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That simplifies things.

Azusa runs away

Arius Commander: Where do you think you're going?! There's nothing but a gym there. I told you: Escape is impossible!

Arius Commander: Her traps have been disarmed! Chase after her!

The Make-Up Work Club members group up

Arius Commander: NowI see. Setting up an ambush, were you?

Arius Commander: And this is your choice of battlefield?

Arius Commander: How long can you hold out with just four of you? This will be your tomb!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): U-Ugh…

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): You're correct. There's nowhere to escape—for you.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's time for the finishing touches. ♥

Sensei: "I've been waiting for this."

Arius Commander: …!


Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Welcome to a tactical command class led by none other than Schale's advisor and the Make-Up Work Club's homeroom teacher: Sensei! ♥

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Commencing with the elimination of targets.

Sensei: "Let's go, Make-Up Work Club!"

<<Battle Sequence>>

<<To be Continued>>

17 - The Way of the World Part 1
The Make-Up Work Club and Sensei defeat the Arius forces but are met with reinforcements. Mika arrives and reveals herself to be the true traitor of Trinity before ordering the Arius students to subdue the Make-Up Work Club.

Gunfire

Arius Commander: Gahhhhhh!

Arius commander fucking dies

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Is it over?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): All enemy units incapacitated.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Sensei's commands really are something else. Wow…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Well, that's one crisis averted at least.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Arius' reinforcements will arrive soon. Our objective is to buy time until then.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We need to hold out until the Justice Task Force intervenes, or everything we've done will go to waste.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I've already contacted Hasumi! She should respond soon!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Good job. TheJustice Task Force is still under the Tea Party's direct command, so this was the only way to get them to move from their post.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Hasumi should have noticed that Nagisa has gone missing by now.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You contacting Hasumi should speed things along. It's only a matter of time before the Justice Task Force confirms the situation.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I just hope they arrive in time…

Explosion

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …?!

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Reinforcements…

Arius students arrive in droves

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): They're here already?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): H-How?!

More Arius students arrive

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): This is more like an army than a reinforcement unit. Half of the satellite school's roster must be here…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Th-They've sent this many forces into Trinity territory?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): And still no sign of the Justice Task Force.

Black screen

???: Of course there isn't.

A dark figure appears

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Y-You!

Mika reveals herself










Mika (Tea Party): You've been surrounded by the armed force that will replace them as Trinity's official army.

Sensei: “Mika…?”

Mika (Tea Party): It's good to see you again, Sensei.

Mika (Tea Party): As I was saying, theJustice Task Force won't be moving from their post. My orders.

Mika (Tea Party): You noticed, didn't you? Just how empty campus was this morning?

Mika (Tea Party): I've removed every obstacle in my way and given stand down orders to anyone and everyone under the Tea Party's command.

Mika (Tea Party): I wouldn't want anyone to interfere with our assault on Nagi.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Misono Mika of the Tea Party…

Mika (Tea Party): That's me. And here I am, making my grand appearance as the mastermind behind everything. ☆

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): You can consider me to be Trinity's true traitor.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …?!









Mika (Tea Party): Won't you tell me where you've hid Nagi? I don't have much time.










Mika (Tea Party): Or we can always eliminate all of you and search this place top to bottom the hard way.

Sensei: "Why, Mika? Why...?"

Mika (Tea Party): Hmm? You want to know why I'm doing this, Sensei?

Mika (Tea Party): Because I hate Gehenna.

Mika (Tea Party): I sincerely loathe Gehenna Academy from the depths of my heart.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Then was your real objective to stop the Eden Treaty from being signed? That's why you're targeting Nagisa?

Mika (Tea Party): Uh...who are you again? Sorry, I've always been awful at remembering faces.

Mika (Tea Party): Wait, I remember now. You're Urawa Hanako, right? The one who was kicked out of chapel for attending in a swimsuit. Hahaha!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mika (Tea Party): Well, to answer your question: That's correct. I mean, Nagi's Eden Treaty idea was completely ridiculous. Ludicrous.

Mika (Tea Party): A peace treaty with those wretches? Just the thought of coexisting with them makes my skin crawl.

Mika (Tea Party): And how long would that last? How many years—weeks—no, DAYS until we end up with a knife in our back?

Mika (Tea Party): I simply can't allow something like that to happen.

Mika (Tea Party): For being such a paranoid girl, Nagi really is too naive. This isn't a fairy tale. There's no happily ever after waiting beyond her treaty.

Mika (Tea Party): It's about time she came to grips with the reality around us.

Mika (Tea Party): So hand her over. I promise not to kill her. She may have to spend the rest of her school life in confinement, but it won't be so bad.

Sensei: "So the Eden Treaty was a peace treaty after all."

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, that. Yes, I'm sorry for deceiving you, Sensei. The little conversation we had wasn't entirely truthful.

Mika (Tea Party): Someone as ignorant and naive as Nagi would never think to use the Eden Treaty to create a military alliance under her control.

Mika (Tea Party): But not everything was a lie, Sensei.

Mika (Tea Party): I was telling the truth about reconciling with Arius.

Arius troops appear behind

Mika (Tea Party): See? They make rather loyal comrades for someone wanting to wage war against Gehenna.

Mika (Tea Party): As I told you, Arius was once one of us: an academy that would have otherwise joined the Trinity union. Of course they hate Gehenna—they always have. Theirs is an academy held together by animosity.

Mika (Tea Party): That's why I extended an olive branch to them. I offered them the opportunity to stop a villain aiming to welcome Gehenna with open arms.

Mika (Tea Party): I said that if the current host, Kirifuji Nagisa, has theJustice Task Force by her side now, then the next host, Misono Mika, will have Arius beside hers.

Mika (Tea Party): What an offer, don'tcha think? Talk about making peace.

Mika (Tea Party): The enemy of my enemy is my friend, as the saying goes. That's why I have been secretly supporting Arius.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): You've been using Arius to stage a coup d'état from the very beginning…

Mika (Tea Party): I suppose you could refer to it as that. Nagi will be overthrown and I will become the host of the Tea Party, yes.

Mika (Tea Party): You have my gratitude, Azusa. We may as well be strangers, yet you're oh-so special to me. I owe you such a great debt…

Mika (Tea Party): ...for taking the fall as the assailant who attacked Nagi.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Mika (Tea Party): You'll be the scapegoat. We need someone to take responsibility, because otherwise, how will the public rest until the perpetrator is brought to justice?

Mika (Tea Party): I know it's a little unimaginative, but that can't really be helped. This is just the way the world works sometimes.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mika (Tea Party): You really did surprise me, though. I thought all of my planning was going to be thwarted when Ifirst heard Nagi had been attacked. You forced my hand, and I had to come handle this personally.

Mika (Tea Party): I wasn't expecting such a bold move from the Make-Up Work Club. Well done.

Sensei: "You did all this to become the host of the Tea Party?"

Mika (Tea Party): That's right.

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, but don't be mistaken, Sensei. This isn't about seizing power for the sake of being powerful.

Mika (Tea Party): I simply want to erase Gehenna from Kivotos. That's all.

Sensei: “...”

Mika (Tea Party): I'm going to purge Trinity of all the moderates and idealists that agreed with Nagi and fill their seats with leaders from Arius.

Mika (Tea Party): This may very well be the start of a new alliance. We could even hold a new council to commemorate it. That wouldn't be such a bad idea, would it?

Mika (Tea Party): And then! The newly remade Trinity will declare all-out war on Gehenna! That's the plan!

Black screen

Sensei: "That's enough!"

Mika (Tea Party): H-Hey, don't scare me like that.

Mika (Tea Party): I've never heard you raise your voice like that. I guess you weren't a fan of my explanation, huh?

Arius troops march forward

Mika (Tea Party): That's fine. We can talk it over more once I've taken care of the matter at hand.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Be careful, Sensei.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I can tell... She's strong.

Mika (Tea Party): Thanks for noticing! See, didn't I tell you last time, Sensei? I'm a lot tougher than I look.

Mika (Tea Party): All righty. Let's dispose of the Make-Up Work Club, then.

<<Battle Sequence>>
Mika marvels at Sensei's refusal to surrender during the ensuing battle. She brings up how Azusa ambushed Seia in the past while preparing to crack down on the Make-Up Work Club,just in time for the Sisterhood to join the fray.

Mika (Tea Party): Geez. Now I get why all anyone ever talks about is Schale these days. Adults can be so meddlesome.

Mika (Tea Party): What an unexpected turn of events, but that's all right.

Mika (Tea Party): With Seia and Nagi out of the way, I can finally start doing things how I want. I would really appreciate you not interfering further.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …!

Mika (Tea Party): More reinforcements will be here soon! Do you want to keep going?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Mika! Was it you? Were you the one behind Seia's attack?

Mika (Tea Party): Huh?

Mika (Tea Party): You don't have to look at me with such disdain, you know.

Mika (Tea Party): Buuut...you're right: Iwas the one who orchestrated Seia's attack. What other choice did I have? Seia would prattle on every day about nonsense like paradise and whatnot.

Mika (Tea Party): Destroying her halo wasn't part of the plan, though. Give me a little credit—I'm not a murderer.

Mika (Tea Party): I was just going to keep her under lock and key until she graduated, but the raid team, rascals they were, let things get out of hand and went a little too far.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mika (Tea Party): Isn't that right, Azusa? You were part of the raid team that killed Seia, weren't you? Care to clear up this misunderstanding?

Mika (Tea Party): It's all because of that little mishap that things have gotten out of hand like this.

Mika (Tea Party): Get it? I can't turn back now because of that—because of you.

!







Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Azusa...? She isn't serious, right?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): N-No, that's not what…

Explosion

Mika (Tea Party): Huh?

Arius Student: A group of students are breaching from the outside!

Mika (Tea Party): That's impossible. There shouldn't be any students left on campus who would dare oppose the Tea Party's orders.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I can think of one. An independent organization that doesn't bow to the Tea Party or anyone else for that matter.

Arius Student: Status report. They're coming from the cathedral!

Fade to black

Footsteps









Arius Student: It’s the Sisterhood!









<<To be Continued>>
























18 - The Way of the World Part 2
The Sisterhood was called in by none other than Hanako. Now on the scene, Sakurako begins to battle Mika to rectify the situation.

Mika (Tea Party): The Sisterhood...?

Mika (Tea Party): Urawa Hanako!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): That's right. I did eventually decide to take someone up on their offer and made a pact of my own.

Mika (Tea Party): A pact?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Nothing you need to concern yourself with. Besides…

Black screen with explosions

Mari (The Sisterhood): *cough* May peace and comfort find you today.

Hinata (The Sisterhood): Apologies for barging in like this.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): We've decided to break our customs and involve ourselves with the Tea Party's internal struggle.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Misono Mika of the Tea Party. You are under arrest for attempting and instigating harm to your fellow Tea Party members.

Mika (Tea Party): You must be Utazumi Sakurako of the Sisterhood.

Mika (Tea Party): Hahaha! This is my first time fighting the Sisterhood! So is this the trump card you've had up your sleeve?

Mika (Tea Party): Just how did you manage to get them involved, Hanako?

Mika (Tea Party): I knew you were acquainted with them at one point, just as you were with everyone. What did you offer in return, I wonder. These interlopers wouldn't lift a finger unless they stood to gain something from it.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mika (Tea Party): How intriguing, though I do find it annoying to have more pests to exterminate.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Sounds to me like you're becoming restless, Mika.

Mika (Tea Party): I planned to clean out the cathedral when I became host anyway. This just saves me some time.

Mika (Tea Party): All right, everyone. Shall we get started?

Gun cocks

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Do you really intend to keep fighting?! It's pointless, Mika. Put down your weapon.

Mika (Tea Party): That may be true, but I can't simply surrender. Not after coming this far.

Fade to black

Mika (Tea Party): I'll stop at nothing.

<<Battle Sequence>>
Together, the Make-Up Work Club and the Sisterhood succeed in cornering Mika, who finally surrenders. Sensei lets Mika know that they'll be there for her if she ever needs someone on her—side. Mika is delighted to hear this and says farewell.

Mika (Tea Party): *sigh* Is this truly Checkmate?

Mika (Tea Party): Why? Why like this?

Mika (Tea Party): The Sisterhood didn't flinch even after Seia's death, yet they decide to get involved now. What a cruel joke.

Mika (Tea Party): Did I miss something? Overlook an important detail?

Mika (Tea Party): Or was it because I underestimated you, Hanako?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mika (Tea Party): No. Urawa Hanako is exceptional, but ultimately harmless. There was no need to account for her more than I did.

Mika (Tea Party): Could it have been because of Azusa's betrayal?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mika (Tea Party): No. She was only just a puppet. Whether she stayed loyal or not wouldn't have affected the outcome.

Mika (Tea Party): Perhaps Hifumi? No, she's just a normal girl. And Koharu is a fool, so there was no need to account for her.

Mika (Tea Party): Then why? Why did I lose to something like the Make-Up Work Club?

Mika (Tea Party): Where did it all go wrong?

Sensei: “...”


Mika (Tea Party): Oh, I see. I overlooked the biggest variable of all.

Mika (Tea Party): Involving Schale and Sensei was the cause of my downfall.

Mika (Tea Party): It was only meant to be a precautionary measure. Nagi was making such a fuss about there being a traitor, and I thought it was a good solution... That's when my fate was sealed.

Mika (Tea Party): What a foolish mistake.

Mika (Tea Party): I suppose this is where it ends for me.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Mika, about Seia…

Mika (Tea Party): As I told you, the intent was never to kill Seia. I may seem like a villain, but I'm not that evil.

Mika (Tea Party): It was an accident. Seia was weak to start off with and…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Seia is alive, Mika!

Mika (Tea Party): …?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We just made it look like she died.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): She was secretly taken from Trinity and put into hiding as a precaution...since we couldn't find her assailant.

Mika (Tea Party): Seia...isn't dead?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Her wounds haven't completely healed yet and she remains unconscious...but the head of the Remedial Knights continues to look after her.

Mika (Tea Party): Captain Mine?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. And the person who saved Seia was probably…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Never mind. I think you should ask her yourself.

Mika (Tea Party): I see. So she's still alive…

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): That's wonderful news.

Gun drops

Mika (Tea Party): I surrender. You win.

Mika (Tea Party): Congratulations, Make-Up Work Club, Sensei... You've earned it.

Mika (Tea Party): Now, do whatever you want with me.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Mika (Tea Party): You understand what the consequences of these actions will be for you, don't you, Azusa?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Of course.

Mika (Tea Party): I hope you don't think Trinity will protect you.

Mika (Tea Party): You'll be hunted down no matter where you run. Forever.

Mika (Tea Party): There will never be another peaceful night's sleep.

Mika (Tea Party): There's no escaping Saori. You already know it all too well as someone from Arius: et omnia vanitas…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): I know. Still, I'll struggle until the bitter end—until I no longer can.

…

Mika (Tea Party): Very well, then.

Mika being walked out by JTF members

Sensei: “Mika…”


Mika (Tea Party): Stop right there, Sensei. Don't say another word.

Mika (Tea Party): As I said, getting Schale involved was my greatest mistake.

Mika (Tea Party): And yet…

Flashback

Sensei: “I'll be by your side if you ever need me to be."

Present

Mika (Tea Party): Hearing you say that made me truly happy. It really did.

Mika (Tea Party): IfI had made different choices, then maybe we…

Mika (Tea Party): No. Never mind.

Mika (Tea Party): Goodbye, Sensei.

Mika gets escorted out

<<To be Continued>>















19 - The Third Exam
Having overcome numerous incidents and happenings, the Make-Up Work Club heads to the test site to sit for the third and final evaluation exam.

Birds chirping

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): U-Um…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Is it finally over?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I think so.

Koharu stumbles

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Koharu?!


Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I-I nearly passed out there.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I'm not surprised. We've been running around all night.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Not to mention how late we've been staying up for the last week to study.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): What are you all so relaxed for? It's not over yet.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Huh?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Oh.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Y-You're right! We still have to take our exam.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I forgot about that…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): It's 7:50 right now.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Which means we have just over an hour to get to the testing site. Let's run!

Azusa whisks away

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): W-Wait! Will we make it all the way to the outskirts even if we run?!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): It's a long shot, but we won't know unless we try! Come on, ladies, let's get moving!

Hanako whisks away

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): But I can barely move my legs! Waaait!

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): *sigh* Why do things always turn out like this for us...?

Running

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): *huff* *puff* Can't...go...any...further…

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): W-We made it…

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): We've been expecting you, Make-Up Work Club. I have a message from Vice President Hasumi.

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): She says, "Good luck."

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Well. then.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): H-Hasumi wished me luck...?

Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): She also asked me to pass along how sorry she is for not being able to help this morning and promises to make it up to you.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That's interesting.

Sensei: "Is everyone ready to head inside?"

Door closes

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): …

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): …

Sensei: "This is it. The third and final exam."

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Exactly. Everything is riding on this.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You're right.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): I'm pretty nervous.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): …

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): We've been through so much together.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): That we have, but there will be more than enough time to get sentimental after we pass the exam.

Hifumi (Make-Up Work Club): Exactly. It's time to show how far we've come.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Of course. I'm not aiming for anything below a perfect score.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Neither am I. Anything less would be wasting everything I've learned from Azusa.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): I'm gonna score a 100! Just watch!

Fade to white

Sensei: "The third evaluation exam begins...NOW!"









First Evaluation Exam Results

Hanako: 2 Points (Fail)
Azusa: 32 Points (Fail)
Koharu: 11 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 72 Points (Pass)




First Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 4 Points (Fail)
Azusa: 33 Points (Fail)
Koharu: 15 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 68 Points (Pass)

Second Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 8 Points (Fail)
Azusa: 58 Points (Fail)
Koharu: 49 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 64 Points (Pass)

Third Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 69 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 73 Points (Pass)
Koharu: 61 Points (Pass)
Hifumi: 75 Points (Pass)









The Second Evaluation Exam Results

Hanako - Exam paper lost (Fail)
Azusa - Exam paper lost (Fail)
Koharu - Exam paper lost (Fail)
Hifumi - Exam paper lost (Fail)









Fourth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 100 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 82 Points (Fail)
Koharu: 74 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 79 Points (Fail)

Fifth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 100 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 94 Points (Pass)
Koharu: 90 Points (Pass)
Hifumi: 93 Points (Pass)

Sixth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results

Hanako: 100 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 91 Points (Pass)
Koharu: 83 Points (Fail)
Hifumi: 89 Points (Fail)

















Third Evaluation Exam Results

Hanako: 100 Points (Pass)
Azusa: 97 Points (Pass)
Koharu: 91 Points (Pass)
Hifumi: 94 Points (Pass)

Fade to white

All Make-Up Work Club Members Passed!

<<To be Continued>>







































20 - Epilogue
Seia praises Sensei for overcoming the dangers, but warns that everything will eventually end in catastrophe. Finally, the Arius Squad goes on the move.

Seia (Tea Party): In the end, the Make-Up Work Club passed their exam completely on their own merits.

Seia (Tea Party): Now Koharu can return to the Justice Task Force.

Seia (Tea Party): Hanako seems to have found a place where she belongs, so she shouldn't have any reason to drop out of school.

Seia (Tea Party): Azusa has taken to the joy of learning.

Seia (Tea Party): And Hifumi, perhaps the most earnest and hard-working of the club, will be able to return to her normal life.

Seia (Tea Party): Mika has been locked away, maybe never to be seen again.

Seia (Tea Party): Nagisa's Eden Treaty will be signed as planned.

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): You could say everything has been wrapped up neatly with a little bow…

Seia (Tea Party): ...but the story isn't over yet.

Seia (Tea Party): You still have a responsibility to see it through to the end.

Seia (Tea Party): Rest assured that no matter how many twists or turns this story takes…

Seia (Tea Party): ...it will inevitably descend into catastrophe.

Seia steps closer

Seia (Tea Party): Do you see them on the horizon?

Seia (Tea Party): There are dark clouds coming—dark enough to blot out the sun. They may never clear.

Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): It's not over yet. You know that better than anyone, don't you?

Saori (???): Prepare yourselves.

Hiyori (???): O-Oh, is it finally starting? It's going to be painful, right? It's definitely going to be painful.

Misaki (???): That's fine. Pain is proof that you are alive.

Atsuko (???): …

Hiyori (???): H-Hime is saying something in sign language. Um…

Misaki (???): "What happened to her?" You mean that one girl, Hime?

Atsuko (???): …

Misaki (???): What difference does it make? It was only a matter of time.

Saori (???): That's enough.

Atsuko (???): …

Saori (???): See those dark clouds? It's going to rain soon.

Hiyori (???): R-Rain? But I don't like rain. It's wet and cold and irritating...and it gets everywhere.

Fade to black

Saori (???): Struggle as much as you like, Azusa, but you can't escape.

Saori (???): The truth is ingrained into your very being, and you will be reminded of it soon enough.

Saori (???): It is the prophecy.

All is in vain. Life is ultimately empty.

<<To be Continued>>
(in V3C3)
