Chapter 4: Kyrie of the Forgotten Gods
The Arius Squad has been abandoned. Will there be mercy for students who are lost to its teachings of hatred and anger?







01 - Prologue
The Arius Squad reach  their limit after endless pursuit. Hoping to save the other three, Atsuko surrenders and is arrested. But what awaits the remaining members?

???: Over there!

???: Don’t let them get away!

Shooting and running

???: It’s a dead end! What about the other way?


???: There are no exits. We’re completely surrounded.

???: Ugh…

Arius Student A: Surrender, Squad. You’ve run out of options.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I’m gonna c-cry…!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): *inhale* *sign language* *exhale*

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’re low on ammo and we’ve nearly eighty hours into this fight. Everyone is at their limit.

Misaki (Arius Squad): And Leader is too badly injured. Every minute we dawdle is a risk to her life.

Saori (Arius Squad): Don’t worry about me. Take a look at this.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Y-Y-You can’t be serious, Saori!


Misaki (Arius Squad): That bomb can destroy halos. I agree with Hiyori.

Saori (Arius Squad): I didn’t ask for your opinion! I’ll distract them. Just get Hime out of here.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): Escape with her…and after that…

Saori (Arius Squad): After that…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime?!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): You’ve all worked so hard. Thank you.

Misako (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Hime… I-I don’t like this….

Atsuko (Arius Squad): You there. Your master is only after me, correct?


Atsuko (Arius Squad): I will come quietly. But let the others go.

Arius Student A: …

Saori (Arius Squad): Atsuko?! Are you insane?


Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori, we’ve reached the end of the road.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Say we do find some way to escape. What then? Where will we run?


Saori (Arius Squad): I’ll find somewhere, anywhere. I can protect you, Atsuko!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): With Trinity, Gehenna, and Arius all after our blood?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Nowhere is safe, Saori. There will be no rest for the four of us.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori. Misaki. Hiyori. I hold all the blame here.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): So, please. Let me hold the responsibility as well.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Hime… I-I don’t like this…

Misaki (Arius Squad): …Hime.

Saori (Arius Squad): No! She’ll kill you, Atsuko! Do you hear me? You’re dead the moment you arrive!


Atsuko (Arius Squad): And that’s my decision to make. Saori, for the first time, I’m making my own choices. Please.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Promise me you’ll free the others, and I’ll come with you.

Arius Student A: …

Arius Student A: I will ask Madame for her decision.

???: (static) Hmm.

???: (static) …I see. You have my word.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Swear on your name.

???: (static) My name? Why would I do that?


Atsuko (Arius Squad): Swear on your name you will not harm them.

???: (static) …I swear on my name, Beatrice, visionary of all pilgrims.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Okay. Then, I surrender.

Arius Student B: Mask on, Hime. Madame’s orders. It shouldn't have been taken off to begin with.

Beatrice: (static) Deliver her to me without so much as a scratch. The ritual begins at sunrise tomorrow.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Everyone… Saori. Take care of yourselves. This is goodbye.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hime…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh no…

Arius students and Atsuko walk away

Saori (Arius Squad): Atsuko… No… Come back…!


Saori (Arius Squad): I have to protect you…

Saori (Arius Squad): If I can’t…! If you disappear…!


Saori (Arius Squad): What would I do?


Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): What do I do without you, Atsuko?

Saori (Arius Squad): What the hell have I been doing all this time?


Saori (Arius Squad): Is there anything for me…to live for?


Arius Student A: (static) …The rest of the squad, ma’am?

Beatrice: (static) Erase them.

Arius Student A: Understood.

Arius Student A: Permission to fire at will.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Gunshots

<<To be Continued>>



02 - Uncomfortable Reception
In the name of helping the Tea Party, Sakurako from Sisterhood and Mine from the Remedial Knights join Nagisa. During an awkward tea party, Nagisa informs Sensei that Mika’s hearing will be held the next day, where she will likely be expelled.

Nagisa (Tea Party): It’s been quite some time. Thank you for coming, Sensei.

Sensei: “Of course. Hello, everyone.”


Sakurako (The Sisterhood): A pleasure, [NAME] Sensei. We still owe you one from last time.

Mine (Remedial Knights): …Nice to meet you. I’m Mine, captain of the Remedial Knights.

Sensei: “The pleasure’s mine. I get to witness an interesting trio.” / “We have an interesting combination here.”


Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Haha… Nagisa would probably call it troublesome.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I am not here to antagonize Nagisa.

Mine (Remedial Knights): The Knights stand up for our convictions and beliefs. If I see a wrong, I set it right. That is all.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Regardless of who the culprit may be.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …Those kind of words are gonna get someone in trouble.

Nagisa (Tea Party): That’s enough chit-chat. I’m sure Sensei is busy.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Sensei, I invited you here to update you on the situation at Trinity since the Eden Treaty incident and discuss our next steps. However…

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): For reasons somewhat incomprehensible to me, the leaders of the Sisterhood and the Remedial Knights demanded a seat at the table. So, here we are.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Demand is a harsh word.The Sisterhood’s newfound political status means we should be involved in meetings like this.

Mine (Remedial Knights): As the leader of the Remedial Knights, the oldest club in Trinity’s history, I’m only fulfilling my duty.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Sensei: “In other words, you’re policing the Tea Party?”


Sakurako (The Sisterhood): No, no. I’m just keeping up with current events.

Mine (Remedial Knights): And I have no interest in politics.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): The Eden Treaty incident may have concluded safely, but there’s a lot of follow-up and post-analysis still in process.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): The Sisterhood is helping out and conducting some of the research analysis.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): And this meeting’s purpose is to share information on said topics.

Mine (Remedial Knights): She is correct.

Sensei: “O-Okay… I see.”


Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): You seemed confused. You see, we could not simply leave this to the Tea Party.

Mine (Remedial Knights): The Party’s state is fragile right now.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): It is absolutely unprecedented for an active member of the Tea Party to be arrested. And even more so for one to attack another.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Imagine my shock when I discovered Mika was behind the attack on Seia.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): As you well know, Seia has been under my protection since. I thought it only right to investigate the case myself.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Arguing that Mika was taken advantage of by Arius does not absolve her of her crimes.

Mine (Remedial Knights): And, on top of that, the current host manipulated Schale’s extrajudicial authority to meet her own ends and expel students she disfavored.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): I understand you apologized and no harm was done, but…

Mine (Remedial Knights): It casts a dark shadow on the Tea Party.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): It was a blessing Seia awoke at all. But since, her health has steadily declined and now she is bedridden.

Mine (Remedial Knights): And so, it was my conclusion the Tea Party required our assistance.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Indeed.

Nagisa (Tea Party): What a clear, thorough explanation, Captain Mine. You truly never change.

…

Sensei: (Well, this is awkward.)


Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Captain Mine is leader of the Johan faction and head of the Remedial Knights.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): She had the right to attend the Tea Party, but she declined in favor of her medical career. It’s rather sweet.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Let’s not waste time reminiscing, Sakurako.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I’ll begin. At the core of this incident is the Arius Satellite School.

Nagisa (Tea Party): We have confirmed that the perpetrator of the Eden Treaty incident was indeed Arius.

Nagisa (Tea Party): They coordinated their infiltrations by apparently deceiving Chair Makoto and Mika.

Nagisa (Tea Party): In fact, Chair Makoto goes so far as to claim she’s Trinity’s victim, seeing as Arius is a faction of Trinity.

Nagisa (Tea Party): She was mumbling some nonsense about billing us for her hairdressing expenses, but I believe that can be ignored.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): It’s Arius’ involvement that leaves the Sisterhood with questions.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): To begin, what was Arius’ motivation in attacking the Eden Treaty ceremony?


Mine (Remedial Knights): Arius has long held a grudge against Trinity and Gehenna. They saw the opportunity to suppress both academies at once and took it.

Nagisa (Tea Party): According to Seia, by invoking the Eden Treaty contract, they obtain an overwhelming military force.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Yes, a force comprised of what seemed to be ghosts of the Saint Justina Council. Had they not been stopped when they had, both Trinity and Gehenna would have crumbled.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): What do you know of those things?


Nagisa (Tea Party): We don’t have a grain of evidence. Only educated guesses.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Fine. The Council is the Sisterhood’s predecessor. Are you holding something back, Sakurako?

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Unfortunately, I know just as much as you do.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I cannot ignore that the Sisterhood is held together by secrets. You are long practiced in manipulating and hiding information.

Mine (Remedial Knights): It’s only natural that many students at Trinity have lost faith in the Sisterhood.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Like you, Captain Mine?

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): …

Sensei: (...Can I leave?)

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): You’re a fool if you believe me to be the Sisterhood’s sole secret keeper.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): There are plenty of things I don’t know. I can’t say much more than that.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I spoke of ignorance. My apologies.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Oh, dear…

Mine (Remedial Knights): Moving on to the next order of business. Is the analysis finished on the missile that neutralized our defense system?

Nagisa (Tea Party): Nothing came of it, unfortunately. Its materials and technology are foreign to us. Wherever it came from, it wasn’t Kivotos.

Mine (Remedial Knights): That’s of no surprise. The Arius Satellite School is in possession of at least two powerful resources we know nothing about.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Which leads to my next question.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): What intel do you have on Arius’ plans?

Mine (Remedial Knights): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): We’ve been unable to discover anything.

Nagisa (Tea Party): We can’t even locate the Arius district, let alone gather intel.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Their whereabouts have been a longstanding mystery. But I did uncover a few clues.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): During the Eden Treaty incident, they infiltrated through the underground catacombs.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): All previous Arius infiltrations can be traced back to the catacombs too. To top it off, the cruise missile was launched from a ruins district in Trinity.

Mine (Remedial Knights): The underground ruins? It’s a massive network. We’d never be able to take control of them.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Besides, those tunnels are a maze. It’d be an impossible mission to find them down there.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Hm…

Nagisa (Tea Party): Seia believes the district could be protected by some incomprehensible force.

Nagisa (Tea Party): She doesn't see how else they could be so undetectable.

Mine (Remedial Knights): More things we don’t understand…

Nagisa (Tea Party): Azusa, who defected from Arius, said she was given a map of the catacombs with a marked exit route for her missions.

!

Nagisa (Tea Party): But she was provided different route every time, so she doesn’t know a way back to the Arius district.

Mine (Remedial Knights): You interrogated her?!


Nagisa (Tea Party): Wh-What?


Mine (Remedial Knights): I’ll ask again. Did you force Shirasu Azusa to give you information?

Mine (Remedial Knights): She is branded a traitor in the only home she’s ever known, for helping us. How dare you put her through more hardship?

Mine (Remedial Knights): She was finally settling in here! And you re-open old wounds for your own benefit? It’s thoughtless and cruel.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Y-You misunderstand! She volunteered the information.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I highly doubt that! Did you coerce her? Threaten her with the Tea Party’s authority?

Nagisa (Tea Party): Excuse me?!


Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Check yourself, Captain Mine. Your accusations hold no ground.

Mine (Remedial Knights): You’ve confirmed this?


Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Yes. I know Nagisa has done some reprehensible things, but Azusa was never treated poorly.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): At the very least, that Sensei over there would never let anyone touch a hair on her head.

Mine (Remedial Knights): …I see.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I owe you an apology, Nagisa.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Sensei: (Nagisa’s tea cup is shaking…) / “Are you okay, Nagisa?”


Nagisa (Tea Party): It’s not that I don’t understand.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Hanako, Koharu, Azusa, and…Hifumi.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Each member of the Make-Up Work Club is shouldering much more than they were ever meant to.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Their burdens are a result of my actions.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I’m not completely shameless. I know what I did.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I’ve done my utmost to keep them out of the spotlight as we clean up this mess.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I’d like to protect them from experiencing something like that again. After all, this is our responsibility.

Sensei: “Nagisa…”


Mine (Remedial Knights): I am of the same mind. I spoke without thinking, once again.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): I’m glad we’re on the same page.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): I was hoping to begin passing responsibilities to Hanako, but…

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Our contract is complete, and I won’t force her into it.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): So, this fight is ours. It’s the least we can do for them.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): But, I have a feeling a certain teacher will be with us until the end.

Sensei: “Reporting for duty.”

Nagisa (Tea Party): …Thank you, Sensei.

Change scene

Mine (Remedial Knights): The catacombs are huge mazes of unknown magnitude. Finding a moving entrance will be a problem.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Unless we ask someone who is familiar with the passages.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Do you have someone in mind?

Fade to black

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Joumae Saori, the leader of the Arius Squad who coordinated the attack, must know the way.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Indeed. It was Saori who executed their strategy.

Nagisa (Tea Party): We haven’t been able to locate Squad. They’ve likely fled the district.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …I can think of someone else.

Mine (Remedial Knights): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): You can? Who could possibly…

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Misono Mika.

Nagisa (Tea Party): What!?

Fade back to scene

Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika said she didn’t know the Arius District’s location.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): She’s been working with Arius for a long time. Do you really think she would have no idea?


Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): We have records of Mika contacting Arius students to coordinate supply deliveries.

Mine (Remedial Knights): We can only assume she reached out to Arius to garner support for a coup.

Nagisa (Tea Party): But, Mika is…

Mine (Remedial Knights): Mika’s reputation and conduct over the years have not been commendable.

Mine (Remedial Knights): You know Mika hid behind the shield of the Tea Party to cover up her mistakes and avoid problems.

Mine (Remedial Knights): The condemnation, protests, and public opinion against mika are the result of a long, built-up frustration towards her actions.

Sensei: (...Protests? What’s been happening?)


Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika wouldn’t lie about this. What would her motive be?

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): I understand how you feel about Mika, Nagisa.

Mine (Remedial Knights): To my understanding, your friendship with her spans all the way back to your childhood.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): I’m sorry if this is rude, but please be honest. Do you think Mika is still hiding something?

Fade to black

Fade back

Nagisa (Tea Party): If she’s hiding something…

Sensei: (Nagisa…)

Nagisa (Tea Party): No. I trust Mika.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …

Mine (Remedial Knights): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): I can’t reasonably argue she’s been a model student.

Nagisa (Tea Party): But I understand what it means to believe in someone now!

Nagisa (Tea Party): I’ll convince everyone else to trust Mika as well! I’ll defend her at the hearing tomorrow…

Nagisa (Tea Party): …Against anyone who accuses her! I’ll fight the entire academy if needed!


Nagisa (Tea Party): Consequences be damned!

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): I was just going through every possibility, Nagisa. No accusations here.

Mine (Remedial Knights): We’ve touched a sensitive topic. Apologies.

Sensei: “How you doing there, Nagisa?”

Nagisa (Tea Party): *sigh*

Nagisa (Tea Party): Please don’t worry. But I think that about wraps up.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Thank you both for your attendance today. Truly.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Yes, thank you for accepting my request to join this meeting.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I do warn you, however. I’m very concerned about the outpouring of anger towards Mika.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I’ll see if I can do anything to help her. Until next time.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): I’ll take my leave as well.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I apologize I can’t escort you. Safe travels.

Sakurako and Mine leave

Nagisa (Tea Party): *sigh*

Nagisa (Tea Party): Urgh. My stomach hurts.

Sensei: “You did great, Nagisa.”


Nagisa (Tea Party): Thank you, Sensei. You keep seeing sides of me I don’t mean to show.

Sensei: “By the way…what happened to Mika?” / “Mika’s situation sounded serious.”


Nagisa (Tea Party): Oh, yes. I suppose you wouldn’t know.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika’s hearing will be held tomorrow morning.

Sensei: “Why is she having a hearing?!”


Nagisa (Tea Party): Well, it’s more so…a dispensing of disciplinary action, overseen by an advisory committee of sorts.

Nagisa (Tea Party): They’ll present and discuss Mika’s crimes and injustices, especially in relation to the Eden Treaty.

…

Black screen

Nagisa (Tea Party): …Sensei.

Fade back

Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika is going to be expelled.

<<To be Continued>>








03 - Jailed Princess
Sensei heads to the academy’s prison to talk to Mika. She is upset and blaming herself, saying Seia had yet to forgive her. Sensei learns that Seia is not doing well, so they head to Seia’s room. There, Seia gives Sensei a terrifying prophecy: all of Kivotos will be destroyed.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Since the Eden Treaty incident, the situation at the Trinity Academy is…precarious at best.

Nagisa (Tea Party): The public’s opinion of Mika is steadily declining.

Nagisa (Tea Party): She’s already been expelled by her supporters in the Pater faction, and it was confirmed that she’ll be dismissed from the Tea Party at the hearing tomorrow.

Nagisa (Tea Party): People are convinced Mika is the main culprit in colluding with the Arius Academy to bring about the Eden Treaty incident.

Sensei: “...!”

Nagisa (Tea Party): There have been riots demanding her dismissal, not to mention stones and even bombs being thrown through her prison window.

Nagisa (Tea Party): The academy bulletin board was flooded with criticisms about Mika… They’ve utterly vandalized her room in anger.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Her clothes and accessories were burned, and her belongings pifered. THe perpetrators haven’t been caught.

Sensei: “They’re going way too far!”


Nagisa (Tea Party): …Yes. The Justice Task Force is doing their best, but we can only do so much against this mob mentality.

Sensei: “They don’t even know the whole story.” / “I can’t believe this…”

Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika has become public enemy number one in Trinity.

Nagisa (Tea Party): The student body may think all of this is the price Mika must pay, but…

Nagisa (Tea Party): The punishment doesn’t fit the crime. I want to help her.

Sensei: “I’ll help. Just tell me what to do.” / “Is there anything I can do?”

Nagisa (Tea Party): I thought you would say that.

Nagisa (Tea Party): But I don’t think Mika is willing to defend herself.

Sensei: “What? Why not?”


Nagisa (Tea Party): She refuses to even attend the hearing. If she isn’t present… Well, it’ll be an automatic expulsion.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I wish there was something I could do to convince her, but…

Nagisa (Tea Party): If Seia were able to be here, I’m sure she could do something…

…

Nagisa (Tea Party): So, I have a favor to ask of you.

Sensei: “Yes. I’ll try to convince Mika.”


Nagisa glimmers

Nagisa (Tea Party): Thank you, Sensei. I think she’ll listen to you.

Nagisa (Tea Party): She won’t admit it, but she’s been waiting for your visit.

Nagisa (Tea Party): *sigh*

Nagisa (Tea Party): That’s at least a little of my plate, even if nothing’s been resolved yet.

Sensei: “Are you okay, Nagisa?”

Nagisa (Tea Party): Me? Oh, yes…

Nagisa (Tea Party): Somehow, I always will be.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Heehee. I can always count on you to worry about me. Thank you.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Anyway… Good luck, Sensei.

Fade to black

I said goodbye to Nagisa and went to go see Mika.

Trinity Student A: How dare she attack Seia? Bring her out!

Trinity Student B: It’s repulsive that the witch is still part of the Tea Party!


Trinity Student C: Hang the traitor!


Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): Stay back! D-Don’t cross the line!

Trinity Student B: The traitor must pay for her crimes!

Sensei: (Nagisa wasn’t exaggerating…)


Sensei: “Mika? It’s me.”


Mika (Tea Party): Oh, Sensei. Shhh.

Sensei: “...?” / “Is that music?”


A tune plays

Mika shuts off the TV

Mika (Tea Party): Sorry to keep you waiting. I had to finish chapel. They broadcast it on TV, see?

Mika (Tea Party): Don’t you think it’s so mean they still make me take classes while I’m in prison?


Mika (Tea Party): I thought I’d at least get out of that.

Sensei: “It was beautiful music though.”

Mika (Tea Party): You really think so? I find it a bit boring. It’s just that same strange line on repeat: “have mercy on us.” 

Mika (Tea Party): Kyrie Eleison… Even the Greek sounds bad. Why plead to some guy up there I don’t even know exists?


Mika (Tea Party): And it looks weak to ask for pity, you know.

Mika (Tea Party): But the melody is nice, I’ll give you that! It’s just an ideological disagreement.

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, you know! You’ve never heard me sing, huh Sensei? Do you want a performance?

Mika (Tea Party): I don’t normally sing for free, but I’ll make an exception just for you!


Mika (Tea Party): Like in the fairy tales where the trapped princess sings to her lover from a tall tower!


Sensei: “Except we’re in prison, not a tower.”


Mika (Tea Party): And I come crashing back to a harsh reality.

Mika (Tea Party): …So what brings you to my humble abode, Sensei?


Sensei: “I heard about the situation, Mika.” / “Why don’t you want to attend the hearing?”

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): How’s Nagi been? Is she holding up?


Mika (Tea Party): The Sisterhood and Remedial Knights leaders showed up uninvited?

Mika (Tea Party): I’m not surprised. A lack of authority is like a vacuum. As the Tea Party’s position diminishes, the lesser forces around it are sucked in.

Mika (Tea Party): I’m sure she didn’t expect them to confront the Tea Party so directly like that.

Mika (Tea Party): Poor Nagi. Has her stomach been hurting? It always hurts when she’s stressed.

Sensei: “Your safety is her biggest concern. I saw the crowds on my way here.”

Mika (Tea Party): Ah… You did…

Mika (Tea Party): Well, what’s a girl to do? I’ve never been one to care what others think of me anyway.

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi thinks she can defend me if I just attend the hearing, but we both now how naive she is.

Mika (Tea Party): The Eden Treaty incident did a number on the Tea Party’s authority.

Mika (Tea Party): As the public opinion of it dwindles, so does its political power. Obviously, it’s my fault.

Mika (Tea Party): And if she really insists on defending me in these conditions…

Mika (Tea Party): …the Tea Party, along with Nagi and Seia’s positions will be at risk.

Mika (Tea Party): They can’t shoulder that risk for me.

Mika (Tea Party): I’ve already cost them too much.

Sensei: “You’ll be expelled if you don’t attend.” / “I heard about your room, and your things.”

Mika (Tea Party): …

Sensei: “I think they’re going too far.”


Mika (Tea Party): Y-You think so?


Mika (Tea Party): I did mess up more than a little bit this time. Even if I get expelled…

Mika (Tea Party): …E-Even if they burned my precious mementos of me and Nagi’s childhood…

Mika (Tea Party): …None of it erases what I did. And…Seia still hates me…

Sensei: “No, Seia could never hate you.” / “Seia’s already forgiven you.”

Mika (Tea Party): No, you don’t understand. I tried to apologize a few times, but she…

Mika (Tea Party): The last time I tried…

//flashback scene//

Mika (Tea Party): Hi Seia! Looking serious as usual! Did you stay up late again? You have to take better care of your skin. Here, you can use my lotion!

Seia (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): S-Seia?


Mika (Tea Party): So, um… Actually, I was wondering…

Mika (Tea Party): Do you want to eat lunch together? I’m afraid the only thing on the menu in prison is cake rolls though.

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi is seriously the meanest! Like seriously? Nothing but cake rolls?


Seia (Tea Party): Mika…

Mika (Tea Party): Y-Yes?

Seia (Tea Party): I’m sorry, but I don’t have time.

Mika (Tea Party): O-Oh…? Right! Sorry! You’re probably really busy!


Seia (Tea Party): I’m not feeling well. I’m returning to my room.

Seia leaves

…

//flashback end//

Sensei: “Seia…”


Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): Seia’s completely isolated herself. She doesn’t come out, and no one goes in.

Mika (Tea Party): She’s always been a bit weak, but she’s been really sick these days.

Mika (Tea Party): And I keep hearing things… Like they can hear her crying in her room…

Mika (Tea Party): I don’t always really get what Seia’s thinking or saying, but…

Mika (Tea Party): I can tell she doesn’t want to make up.

Sensei: “There must be some miscommunication.” / “I promise, Seia doesn’t blame you.”

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, Sensei. Thanks for trying to make me feel better. I’ve accepted my consequences…

Mika (Tea Party): I just wish I could give her a real apology.

Mika (Tea Party): But I don’t want to cause her any stress and affect her health…

Mika (Tea Party): I don’t know how I’ll go on if anything else bad happens to Seia.

Sensei: “I’ll go check on her for you.”


Mika (Tea Party): S-Seriously?


Sensei: “Of course. I want you to have your chance to apologize.”


Mika (Tea Party): …!


Sensei: “Then the three of us will go to the hearing together!” / “And all of us will support you at your hearing!”

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): What are you saying, Sensei?

Mika (Tea Party): I don’t deserve your help or forgiveness.

Mika (Tea Party): I really swore I’d never cry again. What’s wrong with you?


Mika (Tea Party): Well…

Mika (Tea Party): You win, Sensei.

Mika (Tea Party): Since you insist, I’ll have to comply. Time to face the music.

Sensei: “I’m proud of you, Mika. Really.”


Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): I’ve never really believed in fate… I’d given up on a second chance a long time ago.

Mika (Tea Party): Heehee. Maybe I really am a princess trapped in a tower?

!!

Mika (Tea Party): Y-You didn’t hear that, Sensei!


Mika (Tea Party): Please Take care of Seia, then… Sensei.

Fade to black

Sensei: Go to Seia’s room.

Knocking sounds

Door opens and closes

[Seia’s infirmary]

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei? Is that you?


Sensei: “Seia, you’re so pale! What’s wrong?”


Seia (Tea Party): Hm? You’re…alive? How can that…? Is this a dream? Sensei, a-am I awake?

Sensei: “What do you mean…?”

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): Oh, I’m sorry. I was still waking up.

Seia (Tea Party): It slipped my mind. You were meant to visit Trinity today.

Seia (Tea Party): I’m sorry again. The line between my dreams and reality has been so blurred lately.

Seia (Tea Party): The past, present, and future are all tangled up.

Seia (Tea Party): Ah, I’m just babbling.

Sensei: “Everyone is worried about you. What’s going on?”

Seia (Tea Party): Are they?

Seia (Tea Party): I guess I can’t hide it… I’m not doing well.

Seia (Tea Party): If I’m to tell you this, no one else can know, okay?

Seia (Tea Party): …I’ve been grappling with an impossible problem.

Sensei: “Okay, I’m listening.”


Seia (Tea Party): This is unlike anything you and I have ever experienced.

Seia (Tea Party): Please heed my words carefully.

Sensei: “I promise, I will.”


Seia (Tea Party): I had a…dream some time ago.

Seia (Tea Party): As you know, my dreams are often predictive of the future, as if I’ve entered a piece of reality destined to happen.

Seia (Tea Party): While these dreams happen often, this one shook me to my core.

Black screen

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei, I saw the fall of Kivotos.

<<To be Continued>>


























04 - Between a Dream and a Mirage
Seia tells Sensei she’s had so many lucid dreams that she can no longer distinguish dreams from reality. She explains that Gematria will cause the fall of Kivotos. Sensei advises her to make amends with Mika first. Seia calls Mika, but faints and encounters Gematria in her dreams.

Sensei: “You saw the fall of Kivotos…?”

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): Seia (Tea Party): Yes, I witnessed it.

Seia (Tea Party): I don’t know when it is going to happen, but I do know how.

Sensei: “What did you see?”

Seia (Tea Party): An enormous tower emerges from a blood red sky.

Seia (Tea Party): It erodes the entire world, enveloping everything with its sinister power. It’s accompanied by an awful screech.

Seia (Tea Party): Then, the fragments of our destroyed world rage like a storm, then crumbles into pieces. I remember a black light shining down…

Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): And at last, Kivotos falls.

Seia (Tea Party): Not a trace is left behind.

Sensei: “...”

Seia (Tea Party): My heart hopes it was a nightmare. But it could’ve been anything: a snippet of our past or a vision of the future.

Seia (Tea Party): All I’m left with is an endless series of questions. I’m determined to find the answers to them.

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): To learn more, I’ve been venturing into the realm of lucid dreams.

Seia (Tea Party): They exist on the edge of reality and dreams, making it difficult to discern the future from the past.

Seia (Tea Party): Even when I’m awake I feel like I’m in an endless dream.

Sensei: “That sounds dangerous…”


Seia (Tea Party): I suppose it may be.

Seia (Tea Party): I’ve always been afraid of the future. But I couldn’t run away this time.

Seia (Tea Party): I won’t rest untilI find out our fate. This is my responsibility.

Seia (Tea Party): The tower… The destruction… It was caused by something outside of Kivotos.

Seia (Tea Party): This is my guess…but the cause may be Gematria…

Seia (Tea Party): I believe you also know of that mysterious organization.

Sensei: “You think Gematria is involved?!”

Fade to black



































Seia (Tea Party): There has to be some way to stop the apocalypse.

Sensei: “Seia.”


Seia (Tea Party): Yes?


Sensei: “You have to stop this now.” / “This is too dangerous for you alone.”

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): Yes, I know. Chasing after such mysterious beings, the danger is very real.

Sensei: “On top of that, you can’t keep pushing yourself like this.” / “Just don’t do it alone. We can work together.”

Seia (Tea Party): …

Sensei: “Someone needs you here in reality a lot more than your dreams do.”


…

Seia (Tea Party): …Mika.

Seia (Tea Party): You’re right, Sensei.

Seia (Tea Party): I was lost in my dreams and lost focus of what’s important.

Seia (Tea Party): I can’t help Mika if something happens to me.

Seia (Tea Party): I’ve been foolish.

Seia (Tea Party): Mika’s situation is beyond dire.

Seia (Tea Party): She might always act like a baby, and she expects the world to cater to her like a princess in her fairy tales…

Seia (Tea Party): …But for her to experience something like this for the first time… Being the target of everyone’s hatred…

Seia (Tea Party): I don’t know if she can handle it.

Seia (Tea Party): Right. Helping Mika is the top priority right now.

Seia (Tea Party): How can I have been so blind?

Seia (Tea Party): It feels like I’m finally shaking off my dreams. Thank you, Sensei. I must help my friend.

Sensei: “Mika will be thrilled. She really wants to apologize.”

Seia (Tea Party): Apologize? When I’ve already forgiven her?

Seia (Tea Party): Ah. That might’ve been in a dream.

Seia (Tea Party): I see… Mika thinks I still haven’t forgiven her.

Seia (Tea Party): She must see me as the biggest victim of her actions.

Seia (Tea Party): Oh, Mika. What a dummy.

Seia (Tea Party): She’s always been self-centered, impulsive, thoughtless, and she’s even self-destructive at times.

Seia (Tea Party): Mika would be the perfect cheeky, arrogant fairy tale princess.

Seia (Tea Party): But that wasn’t the role she got.

Seia (Tea Party): She was the villainess who tried to bully someone she didn’t like

Seia (Tea Party): And she eventually became entangled in a horror story of violence and murder instead.

Seia (Tea Party): But if any salvation still exists for her…

Seia (Tea Party): …it’s in the fact that I didn’t die, and her soul remains innocent of murder.

Seia (Tea Party): That tough smile she puts on is fueled by that one though.

Seia (Tea Party): For her, a lot is riding on my well-being.

Seia (Tea Party): Mika…

Seia (Tea Party): I wasn’t kind to her, yet she frets me this much.

Seia (Tea Party): This is long overdue.

Seia (Tea Party): We’re not grade schoolers anymore. I’m ashamed we’ve been so scared to speak openly with each other.

Seia (Tea Party): I’ll request Mika be brought here now.

Seia (Tea Party): I want to have a proper conversation with her…and tell her I’ll be attending the hearing.

Seia (Tea Party): The most grievous of her crimes is injuring me, so it would be very meaningful if I speak for her.

Ringing sound

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): Y-You called, ma’am?

Seia (Tea Party): I’m sorry to bother you. Could you please bring Mika to me?

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): M-Mika? I will request Nagisa’s approval to do so.

Seia (Tea Party): Thank you. Um… Please also inform Nagisa I would like to speak Mika privately, if possible.

Tea Party Admin (Tea Party): Yes ma’am!


Tea Party Admin leaves

Sensei: “Meanwhile, I’ll go circle back with Nagisa.”

Seia (Tea Party): Thank you. It was nice speaking with you, Sensei.

Seia (Tea Party): I’m a bit tired, so I’ll lie down while I wait for Mika.

Seia (Tea Party): Apologies, Sensei. If you’ll excuse me.

Sensei: “I’ll see you at the hearing, Seia. Take care.”

Seia (Tea Party): You as well, Sensei.

Fade to black

(I informed Nagisa that both Mika and Seia would attend tomorrow’s hearing.)


(She was happy to hear the news and seemed a little less stressed. I decided to return to Schale early to prepare for tomorrow’s hearing.)

???: Let’s move on to the next agenda.

???: But of course!

???: I don’t disagree, but there’s something I want to confirm first.

Seia (Tea Party): (...)


Seia (Tea Party): (Oh… I fell asleep waiting for Mika.)

Seia (Tea Party): (I think the lucid dreaming has taken a toll on my health. And it’s been getting more difficult to wake up.)

Seia (Tea Party): (More importantly…where am I?)

Black Suit (Gematria): Please speak, Maestro.

Maestro (Gematria): …

Seia (Tea Party): (This is…! C-Could it really be?)

Maestro (Gematria): I have an… inquiry for Beatrice.

Beatrice (Gematria): Me? By my guest.

Seia (Tea Party): (This is…Gematria?!)


<<To be Continued>>









































05 - Inscrutable Seekers
Seia witnesses a group of Gematria members arguing in what she thinks is a dream. Among the Gematria members is Beatrice. She declares she will use the Arius Squad to eliminate Sensei, but senses Seia’s presence and quickly ends the meeting. Seia is greatly shocked and wakes up from the dream. Then, Mika comes to visit her.

Black Suit (Gematria): …

Beatrice (Gematria): …

Maestro (Gematria): I graciously permitted you access to my art. To the very expression of my soul.

Maestro (Gematria): To help you, I went so far as to bring forth the guardians of the commandments as Mimesises. I brought your crass plan to fruition.

Beatrice (Gematria): And I’m so, very grateful for your assistance. Just behold the strength of my estate now.

Maestro (Gematria): I don’t need your trite appreciation. Your current misappropriation of my work is a direct insult to me. And insulting me is not a wise move.

Beatrice (Gematria): Oh! My sincerest, deepest apologies. I was unaware you personally devised the Mimesis phenomenon!


Maestro (Gematria): You dare jest? Your insolence knows no bounds.

Beatrice (Gematria): Hah! I’ve never been accused of insolence by an inferior.

Golconde (Gematria): Hahaha! Shall we all try some breathing exercises together? Perhaps if you keep your voices down.

Decalcomania (Gematria): But of course!

Golconde (Gematria): What an entertaining conundrum! On one hand, our distinguished Maestro claims the Mimesis process belongs to he who harnessed it.

Maestro (Gematria): …

Golconde (Gematria): But then our dearest Madame asserts one cannot claim ownership just because one holds the leash! Fascinating, fascinating!

Beatrice (Gematria): For once in your brainless existence, learn to keep your opinions to yourself, Golconde. You fabricate meaning behind what is nothing more than a temper tantrum.

Maestro (Gematria): You defile my work and then dare to belittle me? You are creating weapons with no consideration for artistry! You have no understanding of metaphors! Of passion!

Beatrice (Gematria): Please, your hysterics are unbecoming. There is no need for art when there is power. And your supposed art would never have seen the light of day without Black Suit and Golconde’s assistance.

Beatrice (Gematria): Tell me, Maestro. Are you afraid? Do you fear the power I have amassed with your work? …Perhaps you fear we have no need for you any longer.

Black Suit (Gematria): …

Golconde (Gematria): …

Beatrice (Gematria): Mark my words, speak to me of your little art project again and I will leave here with my estate. And you will be left with nothing but your passion.

Black Suit (Gematria): Hahaha! What’s done is done, both of you.

Black Suit (Gematria): Let’s not lose our heads over semantics. No offense, Golconde.

Black Suit (Gematria): Beatrice, you’ve secured your own estate in Kivotos. This alone makes her invaluable to our plan, Maestro

Golconde (Gematria): She’s subdued every single one of those angry little students in the Arius district! Hahaha! It’s a wonderful step forward for us all.

Seia (Tea Party): (...!)

Golconde (Gematria): I mean, did we not see the disaster that was Black Suit’s Abydos… Oh, dear! Why, that was rather rude of me!


Black Suit (Gematria): Haha! You’re only speaking the truth, Golconde. I’ll admit, I didn’t factor the teacher into my plans.

Beatrice (Gematria): …Schale. That Sensei is a nuisance.

Decalcomania (Gematria): But of course!

Seia (Tea Party): (...!)

Black Suit (Gematria): A nuisance, yes. But an asset if they can be persuaded to our side.

Maestro (Gematria): Ah, Sensei! Now there's one who understands art!

Golconde (Gematria): What if we could turn them into one of us? Like we did with Beatrice! She could certainly use a friend.

Beatrice (Gematria): All of you are foolish beyond comprehension. We must eliminate the Schale educator or all we have done will be for naught.

Black Suit (Gematria): …

Maestro (Gematria): …

Golconde (Gematria): …

Beatrice (Gematria): *sigh* Must I always be surrounded by incompetence?

Beatrice (Gematria): Allow me to explain in terms you three can understand. It all begins with Misono Mika.

Seia (Tea Party): (...Mika?)

Beatrice (Gematria): Mika is my muse, my inspiration. There’s a metaphor that’ll resonate with you.

Beatrice (Gematria): It was thanks to her I came up with the idea of securing those ancient powers though the Eden Treaty. Without Mika, I would never have realized and subsequently dealt with the overwhelming threat of the prophetic archangel.

Beatrice (Gematria): I must thank you and Decalcomania again, Golconde, for providing me such rare technology.

Decalcomania (Gematria): But of course!

Golconde (Gematria): Oh, please! I only had the recipe. Without our esteemed cook, there would have been no bomb.

Golconde (Gematria): I actually felt a little bad about that! Hahaha! Didn’t our little masterpiece get you into trouble?

Beatrice (Gematria): Almost. But thanks to Black Suit, I was able to plant a defense system in the body of an offering.

Black Suit (Gematria): Always happy to help. The nameless priests’ technology proved more helpful than I expected.

Beatrice (Gematria): Indeed, it did. And that brings me to the final inspiration that Misono Mika provided me: Sensei.

Beatrice (Gematria): She invited them to Trinity, allowing me the opportunity to finally observe them with my own eyes.










Beatrice (Gematria): This was when I came to see Sensei’s power. When I targeted Ariusm it was simply due to their isolation and anonymity. No one would find me there.

Beatrice (Gematria): Trinity, Gehenna, Arius… It didn’t matter which one it was. I could care less for their little conflicts, all the festering hate between them.













Beatrice (Gematria): What mattered was that hatred is a convenient means for control. The Eden Treaty was simply a way to gain new power. Squad, the rest of them, they were disposable at best.

Beatrice (Gematria): But Sensei… They changed through my perfectly set scene spewing nonsense about saving the students and their dreams. And somehow, their methods worked.

Beatrice (Gematria): I will not underestimate Schale and their teacher again. Their involvement alters the very purpose of our work.

Black Suit (Gematria): …

Beatrice (Gematria): Sensei must be eliminated.

Golconde (Gematria): Beatrice is all fired up! She’s found herself a worthy opponent!


Black Suit (Gematria): Hm… I can’t necessarily say I agree.

Beatrice (Gematria): Will you stop me? We may have fallen in together under a common goal, but taking orders isn’t my strong suit.

Black Suit (Gematria): …I’m well aware. Do as you wish, Beatrice.

Maestro (Gematria): …

Golconde (Gematria): …

Black Suit (Gematria): What I’m much more curious about however, is what your plans are for the Arius district.

Beatrice (Gematria): I’m preparing an altar.

Black Suit (Gematria): Fascinating. To what end?

Beatrice (Gematria): The same end you attempted to achieve in Abydos. I felt a ritual more…suited to my tastes.

Black Suit (Gematria): Haha! You certainly aren’t the type to enter into a fair pact. But your methods fulfill the conditions all the same. Excellent work.

Black Suit (Gematria): And you really believe Sensei is powerful enough to stand in your way?

Beatrice (Gematria): Yes, which is why I’ve already taken measures to prevent that.

Beatrice (Gematria): I’m sending Squad to eliminate Sensei.

Seia (...!!!)

Golconde (Gematria): …

Black Suit (Gematria): …Squad, hm?

Beatrice (Gematria): I promised them forgiveness for Sensei’s head. Whether or not I actually do, that’ll depend on my mood.

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei is in danger! I have to warn someone!


Seia (Tea Party): (...Huh?!)


Beatrice (Gematria): …An insignificant fly is eavesdropping.

Black Suit (Gematria): …!


Golconde (Gematria): One, two, three, four… I only count four!

Beatrice (Gematria): That’s enough. We’re done here.

Beatrice leaves

Black Suit (Gematria): …

Maestro (Gematria): …

The rest leave

Seia (Tea Party): *pant* *pant*


Seia (Tea Party): *huff* *puff* *huff* *puff*

Seia (Tea Party): (What…did I just see…?)

Black screen

Seia (Tea Party): U-Ugh!


Seia (Tea Party): *cough cough*


Seia (Tea Party): (The Arius district was being controlled by Gematria?!)

Seia (Tea Party): *cough* *cough cough*


Back to scene

Seia (Tea Party): (Everything feels so…foggy… Focus, Seia…!)

Seia (Tea Party): (The training of the Arius students, why the district was so elusive…and the foreign technology…the halo-shattering bomb…)

Seia (Tea Party): (It…It all ties back to Gematria… It all makes sense.)

Seia (Tea Party): (And Squad is after Sensei’s life.)

Seia (Tea Party): (Sensei’s in danger…! I have to tell someone!)












Seia (Tea Party): (They almost died during the Eden Treaty attack…)

Seia (Tea Party): (...And their bomb…there’s nothing more dangerous in all of Kivotos.)

Seia (Tea Party): (My life was threatened… The Eden Treaty broke down… Everyone got hurt… Sensei nearly died…)

Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): (The starting point of all of this…it’s…)




























Mika (Tea Party): Um… Hi, Seia…

Seia (Tea Party): Mika.

<<To be Continued>>























06 - Broken Things
Shocked and afraid by what she’d heard, Seia screams at Mika and blames her for everything. Seia suddenly faints and is captured by Beatrice in a dream, but not before she sees Atsuko hanging from an altar. Meanwhile, Sensei encounters Saori in a back alley.

Mika (Tea Party): I-It’s me! I came as soon as you summoned!

Mika (Tea Party): I heard you wanted to talk alone, and I was so nervous!


Mika (Tea Party): I told my guard to wait outside the door. So, uh… What’s up?

Seia (Tea Party): Mika…

Mika (Tea Party): Oh no, are you okay, Seia? Your face is all pale, and are you shaking? I-I’ll call someone!


Seia (Tea Party): When you reached the Arius district, who did you meet outside of Squad?


Mika (Tea Party): What are you saying? Are you not feeling well, Seia?

Seia (Tea Party): Look at me and tell me again you’ve never been to the Arius district.

Mika (Tea Party): Seia… I…

Seia (Tea Party): Did you meet a tall woman with red skin? What else do you know about Squad?

Mika (Tea Party): …I don’t know what you’re talking about.

Seia (Tea Party): *cough* *cough*


Seia (Tea Party): Because you made contact with Arius…

!


Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): I know. I’m so sorry I caused you all this…

Seia (Tea Party): No… Squad…is going after Sensei…

Mika (Tea Party): …?!

Mika (Tea Party): You must be mistaken, Seia…

Seia (Tea Party): This is all because you brought Sensei here!


Mika (Tea Party): …?!


Seia (Tea Party): No… I shouldn’t…blame you… I’m sorry.

Seia (Tea Party): *cough cough*

Seia (Tea Party): *cough* *cough cough*


Seia (Tea Party): (I can’t…feel my libs anymore…)

Seia starts to faint

Seia (Tea Party): (I’m losing…consciousness…)

Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): …Where am I?

Seia (Tea Party): This architectural style… Am I in the Arius district?

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): Yes, welcome to the Arius basilica.

Seia (Tea Party): …!


Beatrice fucking punches her

Seia (Tea Party): Ugh…!


Beatrice (Gematria): Ah, yes. It makes sense it’s you. I knew some rat was peeping, but I didn’t think you’d follow me to this holy place.

Beatrice (Gematria): Did you think you were safe in your dreams? The prophetic archangel…Yurizono Seia.

Seia (Tea Party): …Th-This place is… This is…the altar…

Beatrice (Gematria): How observant of you. Not even my Gematria comrades know of this place. Be honored.

Beatrice gives an ugly ass smile

Seia (Tea Party): …!


Mika (Tea Party): Oh no! Seia! Please wake up!


Black screen


Mika (Tea Party): Someone, Help! Come here! It’s Seia! Something’s wrong!


Justice Task Force Member (Justice Task Force): Seia?! I’ll summon help immediately!












Seia (Tea Party): (What…is that…?)

Seia (Tea Party): (It’s so…ominous…)


Seia (Tea Party): (Is this altar for… summoning something…?)










Seia (Tea Party): (That kid is…!)













Seia (Tea Party): (...)

Seia (Tea Party): (I see… Is this ritual…for…?)












Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): (This woman…is trying to summon something to Kivotos…)

Mika (Tea Party): You’ll be okay, Seia! Help is on the way!


Mika (Tea Party): Seia… No… Please… Not again!


Mika (Tea Party): All… All I wanted was to… Seia!

Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): Mika… I’ve hurt you again…

Seia (Tea Party): I’m sorry, Mika. It’s not your fault. None of it is.

Seia (Tea Party): …Sensei. Can you hear me? Please…
Seia (Tea Party): Run, Sensei. You have to get as far away as you can from the Arius district.

Seia (Tea Party): Otherwise, you’ll…

Seia (Tea Party): They’re coming…after you…

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei!

[Back Alley in Kivotos. Late at night.)

Sensei: (Did I hear Seia’s voice just now.) / (Am I imagining things? Something’s off.)

(I came here after receiving a text from an unknown sender, but the street was empty and there wasn’t a soul in sight.)

Sensei: (Is someone behind me?)

Saori appears

Sensei: “Saori…?”

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Black screen with a gun cocking

<<To be Continued>>

















07 - Choices and Decisions
Seia’s condition worsens, and Mika is accused of hurting her. Meanwhile, Saori kneels in front of Sensei, begging for help to save Atsuko. Saori offers the halo-shattering bomb as collateral, but Sensei agrees to help and destroys the gift. Mika concludes that all her misfortune was because of Saori and escapes Trinity to seek revenge.
(Mika in scene)

Voice: H-How is she?!

Voice: She’s in a bad way. She keeps convulsing and throwing up blood.

Voice: Someone contact the Remedial Knights immediately! Or the Sisterhood! Just get someone here!

Voice: What about Nagisa?!


Voice: She’s received the news and is en route to the hospital! I’ve been contacting others too, but…

Voice: Have you gotten in contact with Schale?!


Voice: I can’t get a hold of them! It’s strange… C-Could something have happened to Sensei?!

Voice: Don’t think that way! Just keep trying?

Voice: Who’s responsible for this? It must be that witch!


Door bangs

Voice: Wait! Based on the testimony, Mika couldn’t have done anything!

Voice: No! This happened after she went in the room! She’s at fault!

Door bangs twice

Voice: Stope! There’s no point of this… Gah!

Voice: Murderer! You’re a murderer!


Door bangs twice

Black screen

Voice: Get out here!

Sensei: “Saori…?”

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Black screen

Gun and hat drops











Saori (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: “...?!” / “...”

Saori (Arius Squad): …Sensei.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime… They took Atsuko.

Saori (Arius Squad): And then they attacked us… I was separated in the fight… I don’t know what happened to them.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve been running from Arius…for days on end…

Saori (Arius Squad): I was utterly useless.

Saori (Arius Squad): Please… Atsuko… Atsuko is going to die!

Saori (Arius Squad): Tomorrow at sunrise, she’ll execute Atsuko!


Saori (Arius Squad): I have no right to ask you to believe me… but I beg of you…















Saori (Arius Squad): Atsuko was raised for the express purpose of this moment…

Saori (Arius Squad): I don’t know the details, but it was her fate to die since she was born.

Saori (Arius Squad): She said…

Saori (Arius Squad): I could change Hime’s fate…if I just faithfully carried out her orders.

Saori (Arius Squad): She said I could…save not only Hime…but others too.

Saori (Arius Squad): She made me a promise. If I stole the Eden Treaty and granted Arius the power of the Saint Justina Council… If I could seize the Trinity and Gehenna districts…

Saori (Arius Squad): Atsuko wouldn’t have to die.

Saori (Arius Squad): In the end…











Saori (Arius Squad): I failed.

Saori (Arius Squad): I failed the Arius Squad.

Saori (Arius Squad): We failed to steal the Eden Treaty.

Saori (Arius Squad): We couldn’t conquer the Trinity and Gehenna districts.

Saori (Arius Squad): We couldn’t save our colleagues.

Saori (Arius Squad): I couldn’t protect Atsuko! Damn it!

Saori (Arius Squad): I was useless. I failed.

Saori (Arius Squad): There’s no one I can turn to for help. Trinity, Gehenna, and even Arius are out for my blood.

Saori (Arius Squad): I don’t know who else to ask… [NAME] Sensei… No one else can save her.

Saori (Arius Squad): Please…

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ll do anything. I still have a bomb that destroys halos. I’m putting my life in your hands.

Saori (Arius Squad): You can use this to kill me.

Saori (Arius Squad): If you even so much as suspect me, you can kill me.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Please…help Atsuko…

Saori (Arius Squad): I beg of you…

Fade to black

Voice: Murderer! Bring out the murderer! It’s all her fault!

Black screen

Seia (Tea Party): Because you made contact with Arius…

Seia (Tea Party): Squad…went after Sensei…and…

Seia (Tea Party): This is all because you brought Sensei here!

Mika (Tea Party): It’s…my fault?

Mika (Tea Party): It’s all because of me…

Mika (Tea Party): Seia got hurt…because I’m a stupid person. Because I’ve done unforgivable things.

Mika (Tea Party): For a fleeting moment… I thought I could have a second chance…to make amends.

Mika (Tea Party): Even if it was for the hearing, I wanted to see everyone… Nagisa, Seia, and Sensei…

Mika (Tea Party): Why… Why is everything so messed up?

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): I was living a fool’s dream when I thought I could have a second chance.

Mika (Tea Party): Truly a fool… Arius…the Arius Squad…and Joumae Saori lied to me…and I got taken advantage of…

Mika (Tea Party): And, in the end, I hurt my precious people.

Voice: Drag the witch out!

Mika (Tea Party): …

Voice: Make the Justice Task Force go in there and get her!

Mika (Tea Party): I see. I understand now…








































Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): I didn’t see it until now. Huh.

Mika (Tea Party): …Joumae Saori of the Arius Squad.

Mika (Tea Party): It’s all her fault, isn’t it?

Mika (Tea Party): She lied to me and tried to kill Seia. She fired missiles at Nagisa and hurt Sensei.

Mika (Tea Party): Everything, everything, everything…was her machinations.

Mika (Tea Party): I understand it all perfectly, now. I know what I need to do.

Mika (Tea Party): I have to hold Joumae Saori accountable for what she’s done.

Mika (Tea Party): It’s only fair.

Mika (Tea Party): I want her to feel all of my pain.

Mika (Tea Party): I’ll take all that’s precious to her. Until she’s left with nothing.

Mika smiles

Trinity Student C: Don’t try to stop me! Come out, Misono Mika!


Trinity Student A: Please! This isn’t the right time!

Shaking

Black screen with a loud sound

Trinity Student C: EEEEEK!

Trinity Student A: Th-The wall! The wall collapsed!


Back to a smoky scene

Mika (Tea Party): Pardon me. ★

Mika (Tea Party): Now, where is that gun of mine?

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, silly me. It’s right here! Heehee!


Mika walks away

Trinity Student C: D-Did she just destroy the wall with her bare hands?

Trinity Student A: M-M-M-Miso…! M-Mika…!


Black screen

Trinity Student A: Misono Mika has escaped!




















Saori (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: “Stand up, Saori.”

Saori (Arius Squad): B-But…

Sensei: “My students never need to kneel in front of me.”

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: “I have a question. Who is the ‘she’ you keep referring to?”

Saori (Arius Squad): The representative of the Arius district and owner of the Arius Satellite School. We usually call her ‘she,’ but also ‘Madame.’

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve only seen her a few times…but she’s a tall adult with a red dress…

Saori (Arius Squad): Her name is Beatrice. Hime was the one who interacted with her a lot.

Sensei: “What happened to Hiyori and Misaki?”

Saori (Arius Squad): After she took Hime, we were attacked…and got separated. I haven’t been able to find them.

Saori (Arius Squad): They’re probably still on the run.

Sensei: “Do you know where she took Atsuko?”


Saori (Arius Squad): The Arius basilica…in the Arius district. There’s a secret holy place she’s prepared for this moment. Atsuko must be there.

Sensei: “What’s the significance of the basilica?”

Saori (Arius Squad): I don’t know what it’s for. Just that it’s been prepared for Hime for a long time.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime always said that was where she would meet her end.

Saori (Arius Squad): Beatrice said the ceremony would be at sunrise tomorrow.

Saori (Arius Squad): Please, Time is running out for Hime.

Sensei: “Okay. Thanks for the debrief.”

Fade to black

Sensei: Decide to help Saori. / Made a decision to help Saori. / Help Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): What?

Saori (Arius Squad): Really?! You’re choosing to help me?

Sensei: “Isn’t that what you wanted?”

Saori (Arius Squad): Y-Yes…but… I didn’t expect you to…

Saori (Arius Squad): Have you already forgotten? I shot you!

Saori (Arius Squad): Why in the hell would you help someone who put a bullet through you?

Sensei: “For the same reason I’m gonna confiscate that bomb. To keep you safe.”

Saori (Arius Squad): Oh… Um… Okay.

Saori gives the detonator

Saori (Arius Squad): This is the detonator. If you press this…

Sensei: “No. I want you to take off the bong and give it to me.”

Saori (Arius Squad): Y-You want me to remove the bomb? Your insurance?

Saori (Arius Squad): I don’t know what your play is here…

Sensei: Take the bomb.

Saori (Arius Squad): But don’t worry. It won’t explode without the detonator.

Sensei: “Thanks for the information.” / “I can’t let a student keep such a dangerous item.”

Saori (Arius Squad): …?

Sensei: Break the detonator.


Saori (Arius Squad): Wh-What…?!


Sensei: Throw the broken pieces of detonator in a trash can.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: “Time is of the essence. Let’s go.” / “First, let’s find Misaki and Hiyori.”

Saori (Arius Squad): Wh-What’s going on…? H-Huh? What…?

Sensei: Leave.

Saori (Arius Squad): Sensei! What is wrong with you?!

Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): H-Hold on…!

<<To be Continued>>











08 - Squad Reunion
Sensei and Saori start looking for the scattered members of the Arius Squad. They find Hiyori hiding in a slum, and Misaki standing on the railing of a bridge. They successfully convinces Misaki to go to the Arius District with everyone to rescue Atsuko.

Arius Student A: Huh…?! H-Hey!


Saori fucking guns them down

Arius Student B: EEEEEK!

Arius students fall

Saori (Arius Squad): Hiyori! Are you injured?

Hiyori comes out

Hiyori (Arius Squad): L-Leader…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Thank goodness. H-How did you find me?

Sensei: “I’m just glad we found you in time.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): ………

Hiyori (Arius Squad): HUHHHH? WHAT?!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Why are Leader and Sensei together?

Saori (Arius Squad): That’s…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-Is it time for my suffering and punishment? My miserable time on this planet is coming to an end!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I see… You saved me so you could capture and torture me yourself!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): That’s why you arrived when you did! You’re gonna throw us into that underground prison! I was told that place is full of the screams of students who rebelled against Schale.

Sensei: “...”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Waaah! I’m finished. I’m totally finished. If I knew my life would end so early, I would have tried to enjoy it more! I would’ve finished all the magazines I wanted to!

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I’m not going to die? Why are you with Sensei then, Leader? What is happening? Oh…!

Saori (Arius Squad): Hiyori…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Is Sensei threatening you, Leader? Oh no! Leader’s life is a long series of suffering, just like me! Look at the pain on her face! I’m so sorry for existing!


Sensei: “Hiyori, we’re just here to rescue you.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Huh?! Me? Did you get the wrong person?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Did you get hit on the head? Do you not remember who you are? I might cry with relief if you’re actually rescuing me…but are you? I don’t know what’s happening…

Saori (Arius Squad): They’re not lying, Hiyori. Sensei decided to help us.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …??

Sensei: “We’re going to save Atsuko before it’s too late.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Hime… Atsuko…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Do…Do you really think we can save Hime from Madame?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Um…

…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): She offered to let me go back to the Arius district if  I sold out Leader’s location.

Saori (Arius Squad): …!


Hiyori (Arius Squad): She said, seeing as I was just following orders, she would be lenient…

Saori (Arius Squad): I see.

Saori (Arius Squad): I think you should do it, Hiyori.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …H-Huh?

Saori (Arius Squad): Tell her where I am, so she’ll let you return to the district. Keep yourself safe.

Saori (Arius Squad): It won’t stop me from trying to save Atsuko. You’ve done enough.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-What?! But I…

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve always understood this day would come. Thank you for meeting my demands all this time.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): But… You see… I turned it down…

…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-What is this change in mood? Why do you look like you’re relieved you could forgive a traitor! Am I a traitor to you?! Waaaah! This is the worst!


Hiyori (Arius Squad): I mean… What if she was lying? And…we’ve been doing this together this whole time… I don’t want to go back without you…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): And…what about Atsuko?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I can’t just leave Atsuko behind and retreat to safety.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): You feel the same, don’t you, Leader? That’s why you came to get me.

Saori (Arius Squad): Yeah. We have to save her, no matter what.

Saori (Arius Squad): We’ll find Misaki and figure out a plan.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …Right. We need her… Let’s go!


Hiyori (Arius Squad): I…I think I know where she might be.

Saori (Arius Squad): I think I’m thinking of the same place…

Sensei: “Perfect. Then let’s go.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): O-Okay…!


[An Abandoned Bridge] 

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): This place…

Sensei: “We’re pretty high.”

Black screen

Misaki (Arius Squad): Yes, and the river flowing below is at least five meters deep.

Back to scene

Misaki (Arius Squad): Because the current is fast, if you lose consciousness upon hitting the water, you’ll be swept away in the blink of an eye.

Saori (Arius Squad): Misaki.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): M-Misaki…!


Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader, Hiyori…and even Sensei…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Ah, I see. That’s the decision you made, Leader.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’m surprised you proposed it, and even more so that Sensei accepted.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’ll admit, I didn’t think this scenario was possible. I’d imagine neither of you did either.

Misaki (Arius Squad): But did you hear, Sensei?

Misaki (Arius Squad): I was offered a chance to return to Arius if I just killed you.

Sensei: “...”

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hiyori and Leader likely received the same offer.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): A-Along the same lines, more or less.

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes, I did. Eliminate Sensei and earn her forgiveness.

Misaki (Arius Squad): You trust your back to someone who wants to shoot it, Sensei?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Not only that, but to someone who’s already shot you once?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: “Saori would’ve shot me by now if that was what she wanted.”

Misaki (Arius Squad): I see.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Regardless, the situation doesn’t change.

Misaki steps back

Sensei: “Misaki? You’re a little too close to the railing for comfort…”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): M-Misaki…?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): This rescue mission is a lost cause.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Infiltrate the Arius district, fight all their troops, and reach the basilica where Hime is being held?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Not only is that impossible, she is in a position of technology I’m sure we couldn’t even dream of.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Even with Sensei’s help, the three of us stand no chance.

Misaki (Arius Squad): And if by some miracle we do rescue Atsuko, what then?

Misaki (Arius Squad): It’s simply a stay of execution.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hime’s life has nothing but pain. Why do you insist on prolonging it for her?


Misaki (Arius Squad): Vanitas Vanitatum… That’s the only truth we can understand.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Don’t you agree, Leader?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki steps back further

Misaki (Arius Squad): No? Do you have an answer, Sensei?

Sensei: “Misaki, please just move away from the railing and we can talk.”

Saori (Arius Squad): You can shut the hell up, Misaki.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): You think this pathetic display will finally bring you peace? End your suffering? You think I would humor this?

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Listen, Misaki. If you jump, here’s what I’m gonna do.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’m gonna take off my coat and jump off the bridge after you. You know I’ll catch up to you.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’m sure you put rocks in your coat, but it doesn’t matter. I’ll tear it off you and drag you out of the water.

Saori (Arius Squad): That’ll take me about twenty seconds. If you’re unconscious, I’ll give you CPR until you wake up.

Saori (Arius Squad): You can’t pull one over me like that, Misaki.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve never let you get away with it before. What makes you think I’ll start now?

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): *shiver*

Misaki (Arius Squad): It was worth a shot.

Misaki steps back forward

Misaki (Arius Squad): So. You really intend on rescuing Hime.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’ve followed you blindly until now. If our fates are predetermined, it doesn’t matter what I choose.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Lead the way, Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): As usual, I leave my back to you.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Phew… Everything worked out…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader, we only have ninety minutes left. If we don’t make it to the entrance by then, none of our planes will matter.

Saori (Arius Squad): We have to move fast, Sensei. The clock is ticking.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ll explain as we go. Let’s leave.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Okay, th-then, this way!


Sensei: “Let’s save Atsuko.”

Fade to black

<<To be Continued>>





















09 - To the Arius District 1
To enter the Arius District, Sensei and the Arius Squad members head to an entrance in the underground catacombs in Trinity. However, Arius students stand in their way, under Beatrice’s orders.

Sensei: “Ninety minutes left until what?”

Misaki (Arius Squad): We have to go through the underground catacombs to get to the Arius district.

Misaki (Arius Squad): There have so far been about 300 entrances discovered in the catacombs. But only some of them are real entrances.

Saori (Arius Squad): You’ll be lost in the catacombs until you starve if you choose the wrong entrance.

Saori (Arius Squad): So we’ve been receiving and deciphering code for the internal route that leads from the real entrance to the catacomb to the Arius district.

Misaki (Arius Squad): The insides of the catacombs shift periodically.

Sensei: “The tunnels themselves move?”

Misaki (Arius Squad): More or less. Paths previously open will suddenly be blocked. It’s easy to lose your sense of direction.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I don’t understand the mechanics behind the structure, but it’s essentially an ever-changing maze.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Seeing how the real entrance changes so much, we can’t find it without them telling us.

Saori (Arius Squad): There’s no reason to show a runaway hound the way home.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): B-But we’ve figured out one valid entrance. That’s our ticket in.

Misaki (Arius Squad): It’ll change at midnight tonight, hence the 90 minutes.

Saori (Arius Squad): If it chooses, we have no way of returning to Arius.

Saori (Arius Squad): Even if we were to find away, it wouldn’t be in time to save Hime.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): We gotta hurry…

Gunfire

Hiyori (Arius Squad): ?!

Arius Student A: It’s Squad!

Arius Student B: I knew it! They’re here! Get ready for battle!


Misaki (Arius Squad): …They must have been thinking the same thing.

Saori (Arius Squad): Commencing assault.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh geez, life really is suffering.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …Troublesome.

Saori (Arius Squad): Show them how sharp our fangs are!

<<Battle Sequence>>
Misaki and Hiyori are pleasantly surprised at how much smoother combat is under Sensei’s command. Saori presses them to continue and they head to Trinity’s underground catacombs.

Misaki (Arius Squad): It makes sense that you were so difficult as an enemy, but helpful as an ally.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-Is this the power of an adult?! I don’t know if I should be scared or amazed!

Misaki (Arius Squad): If we continue at this rate, we have a chance of making it.

Saori (Arius Squad): Not if we keep stopping to chat. Let’s move.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …To Arius.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Yes!

<<To be Continued>>



10 - To the Arius District 2
Upon arriving at the entrance to Trinity’s underground catacombs, the Arius Squad members attempt to break through their enemies with brute force.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We can enter the catacombs through here.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Based on how the troops were able to find us, she already knows we’re using this passage.

Saori (Arius Squad): Be on guard. She’ll stop at nothing.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I know it was our only option, but we’re proceeding too predictably.

Misaki (Arius Squad): It’s no surprise she found us so quickly.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): A-Are we sure this is a good idea then?

Misaki (Arius Squad): It’s our only idea.

Saori (Arius Squad): We’re charging through.

Misaki (Arius Squad): There was never any other option. And I think the unknown variable Sensei brings to the formula will make them tread carefully.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Heehee… I’m excited to work with Sensei.

Sensei: “I’ll do my best to live up to your expectations.”

Saori (Arius Squad): There will be well-trained, elite soldiers waiting for us.

Saori (Arius Squad): We’ll lead the way. Sensei, follow closely behind.

Saori (Arius Squad): We must beat them here if we have any hope of saving Hime.

Saori (Arius Squad): Let’s tear them apart!


<<Battle Sequence>>
(Mika appears during the battle and defeats the boss)
Just as they finish defeating the Arius students in their way, there’s an explosion and a new pursuer, Misono Mika, appears in front of the Arius Squad and Sensei.

Multiple Arius students fall as Mika shows herself

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …?!


Misaki (Arius Squad): …This is unexpected.

Mika (Tea Party): Really? I was totally expecting it! Hahaha. Surprise!

Saori (Arius Squad): Misono Mika…

Mika (Tea Party): That’s my name! I guess you remember me huh? ☆ What’d you think of my entrance? I was going for cool, vengeful villainess.

Mika (Tea Party): Haven’t you missed me, old friend? Why the long face? You look…

Mika (Tea Party): …You look like you’re looking at a witch or something.

<<To be Continued>>






















11 - Pursuers
Mika attacks the Arius Squad, and they’re quickly defeated. But Sensei finally arrives at the scene and convinces Mika to let them go. The Arius Squad forges on to the catacombs, and Mika battles with the Arius members standing in her way.

Saori (Arius Squad): Misono Mika…

Mika (Tea Party): That’s my name! I guess you remember me huh? ☆ What’d you think of my entrance? I was going for cool, vengeful villainess.

Mika (Tea Party): Haven’t you missed me, old friend? Why the long face? You look…

Mika (Tea Party): …You look like you’re looking at a witch or something.

Saori (Arius Squad): You did appear out of nowhere after apparently breaking out of prison.

Mika (Tea Party): Heehee. I guess I did. I just wanted to see my gals!

Mika (Tea Party): I mean, we do have a teensy bit of unfinished business to handle. Don’t we, Saori?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): *whisper* Where is Sensei?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Sensei was following close behind… No more than a few minutes.

Mika (Tea Party): Are you wondering how I knew you were here? I was paying attention you know. Watching your methodologies again and again. Did you dismiss me that easily?

Saori (Arius Squad): How long until the passage closes?

Misaki (Arius Squad): About twenty-eight minutes. If we fight now, we both lose and don’t reach the entrance in time.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): W-We’re gonna lose?!

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’ve been on the run for days. Everyone’s exhausted. Tactical advantages are what’s getting us through right now, not brute force.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Sensei’s commands has gotten us through to this point.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Misono Mika is the main muscle behind the Tea Party. A fight of raw strength is exactly what she wants.

Mika (Tea Party): You sure thought I was stupid, huh? But I figured you out in a snap.

Mika (Tea Party): I’m the one who started the coup, if you recall. I know all your key rendezvous points and meeting places. I totally forgive you for not knowing this, but I’m kind of a big deal.

Mika (Tea Party): But of course you didn’t know. You thought I was a fool you could lie to. Manipulate. Take advantage of.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Our best option is to retreat and regroup.

Saori (Arius Squad): No. We’ll lose our only opportunity to get to Arius.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We could distract her until Sensei gets here.

Saori (Arius Squad): That’s…

Mika (Tea Party): Hello? Are you seriously ignoring me?! That’s like, so rude. Don’t you remember the good old days of conspiracy and betrayal?

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): I’ll have to punish you bullies!


Mika dashes towards Squad

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Sh-She’s already there!!!

Saori (Arius Squad): Scatter! Don’t fight head-to-head!


Black screen accompanied with gunshots and explosions

Sensei: (Squad said they would handle the front, but I can’t reach them.) / (Did I just hear shooting sounds?)

Gunshots with explosions 

Sensei: Hurry and follow the sounds.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): H-How is she so…strong…fast… Urgh!

Hiyori falls 

Saori (Arius Squad): Ugh.

Mika holding Misaki hostage

Mika (Tea Party): This is the infamous Arius Squad? This is it?

Mika (Tea Party): Hahaha! Were you always this bad? A dummy would put up a better fight. Aww, is it because you have lots of boo-boos? Hahahaha! Hilarious!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Ugh…

Mika (Tea Party): Huh? Where’s the girl who never talks? With the weird mask? It’s okay, I’ll hunt her down after I’m done here.

Saori (Arius Squad): …?!

Mika (Tea Party): What’s wrong Saori? I’m an open target! Shoot me! Did you run out of bullets?

Black screen with Mika tightening her grip

Misaki (Arius Squad): Damn it…

Back to scene

Saori (Arius Squad): Misaki!

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, so now you guys are all buddy-buddy? I thought heartless Arius idiots only cared about their stupid missions.

Mika (Tea Party): I’m not a fan of you having friends at all, but relationships ARE important. You know what? I used to have someone I cared about like that! Seia? You remember trying to kill her?

Mika (Tea Party): *sigh* Don’t get me wrong, you have no idea how many times I’ve wanted to slap her right across the face. Seia really gets under my skin.

Mika (Tea Party): But you know, if she gets hurts, I get so anxious it’s the only thing I can think about.

Mika (Tea Party): So imagine when I heard Seia died! I went absolutely nutso crazy! Feelings can be so silly.

Mika (Tea Party): Even if I hated her and wanted to make her suffer sometimes, she was precious to me… I didn’t want her to die… I didn’t wanna be a murderer…

Mika (Tea Party): But none of that matters anymore.

Mika shoots Misaki

Misaki (Arius Squad): ARGHHHH!

Saori (Arius Squad): Misaki?!

Mika (Tea Party): I told you to teach her a lesson, not destroy her halo! Didn’t I?

Mika (Tea Party): Well, I guess you can’t say I’m completely faultless. I did kind of ruin everything.

Mika (Tea Party): But you see. I realized something.

Mika (Tea Party): Because of this…incident, I’ve lost everything.

Mika (Tea Party): The academy…my friends…my home… my memories…my promise with Sensei…

Mika (Tea Party): Go back to normal? Second chances? Hah! What a silly little fantasy I had. There’s no such thing as going back now.

Mika (Tea Party): I want you to suffer, Squad. Saori. I’ll make you feel my pain.

Mika (Tea Party): You’ll learn my loss. My suffering. My headache. It’s only fair.

Mika draws her weapon

Saori (Arius Squad): …?!


Sensei: “Stop it, Mika!”

?!

Mika lets go of Misaki

Mika (Tea Party): S-S-Sensei…?!

Saori (Arius Squad): Sensei…

Black screen

Sensei: “Mika! What are you doing here?!”


Mika (Tea Party): I-I…um…so…

Mika (Tea Party): I don’t understand. Why?

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei. Why are you with Squad?

Mika (Tea Party): This wasn’t supposed to happen.

Mika (Tea Party): I didn’t think Sensei would be here. I didn’t want you to witness this.

Explosions accompanied with Arius students

Arius Student A: This way!

Arius Student B: Misono MIka is on scene! Fire at will!


Black screen with Mika being shot

Sensei: “Mika…!”

Misaki (Arius Squad): *cough* Arius is on our tail, Sensei. We have to leave her.

Sensei: “Mika! Go back to Trinity! I’ll explain everything! / “Wait at Trinity! I’ll be there! I promise!”


Arius Student A: That way! Squad sighting confirmed!

Gunfire

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-The passage is gonna close! H-Hurry!

Sensei: Go inside the catacombs with Squad.

Saori (Arius Squad): Run!

Black screen with gunfire and running 

Hiyori (Arius Squad): *pant* *pant* W-We’re alive…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Barely made it. We need to put more distance between us. Let’s go.

Saori (Arius Squad): You’re right. Sensei, please stay close. The path is complicated from here.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): And there’s no signal either…so if you get lost you’ll be lost forever and ever and ever.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’m hoping to avoid that outcome. Arius is this way.

Sensei: “(Mika…)”

Fade to black

Sensei: (Did she escape prison to take revenge on Squad?) / (Is everything okay back at Trinity?)

Arius Student C: They’ve escaped into the catacombs. Do we follow?

Arius Student A: We can still make it! Give chase!

?


Mika (Tea Party): Owwie, owwie, owwwwww!


Arius Student A: Misono Mika?

Guns drawn

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, reinforcements?

Arius Student A: Misono Mika. YOu used to support our cause. Please leave this place immediately.

Mika (Tea Party): I’m sorry, I think I misheard. Do you think you can force me out? With this few?


Mika (Tea Party): Hahaha! Did you think you had the advantage because I’m alone? You really can’t fix stupid!

Mika (Tea Party): Where did Squad go? Where are you buying them time?

Arius Student A: No. We have been pursuing Squad since the Eden Treaty incident.

Mika (Tea Party): …Huh?

Arius Student B: Squad betrayed Arius and attempted to run away. We’ve been tasked with erasing them.

Mika (Tea Party): No way? Betrayed and ran away?

…

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): Hahahaha! This gets funnier and funnier! They betrayed their own school? How come?

Mika (Tea Party): Ah, I see. Is this your big finale, Saori? I guess that’s what happens when a hunting dog loses its target. Huh.

Mika (Tea Party): I’m beginning to understand.

Mika (Tea Party): And Sensei… Hmm…

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei, you’re taking a risk to help someone in crisis again.

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, geez.

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): I’m beginning to understand.

Arius Student A: Stand down, Mika. This can be forgotten if you leave now.

Arius Student B: Report! The Schale teacher is accompanying Squad!


Arius Student A: What?! We must report this to her immediately.

Both Arius students get shot and incapacitated

Mika (Tea Party): Have you been listening at all? Squad is MINE. Don’t touch my things.

Mika (Tea Party): Do you know what happens to people who go after things that don’t belong to them? I’ll teach you, as many times as you need.

?!

Arius Student C: F-Fire! Fire now!

Mika blocks bullets

!

Mika gives a scary face and charges the Arius students

<<To be Continued>>



















12 - Arius District
Mika annihilates Arius’s pursing army and acquires information. Meanwhile, Saori faints from injuries, lack of sleep, and fatigue. Sensei gives her medicine, and they take a break so she can recover. But as they all drift into sleep, Seia suddenly appears in Sensei’s dream with a grave warning.


…

Arius Student C: …So, at her order…Atsuko was taken to the Arius district’s basilica…

Arius Student C: That’s everything we know.

Mika fucking punches her

Mika (Tea Party): You went to the Arius district…with Sensei…to save your friend?

Mika (Tea Party): Look at that. Huh.

Mika (Tea Party): Why is Sensei always on brand?

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): But…

Mika (Tea Party): Still… Still…

Mika (Tea Party): That won’t stop me from taking my revenge.

Mika (Tea Party): They’re all going to hate me, won’t they? Maybe even Sensei…

Mika (Tea Party): …But I can’t stop.

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): I just won’t.

Mika (Tea Party): I won’t forgive the Arius Squad for what they did to me. I don’t care what kind of monster I have to become to exact my revenge.

…

Mika (Tea Party): …So don’t get in my way, Sensei.

Mika walks away

A door opens

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …All clear! Come up!


Sensei: Go through the hole in the ceiling.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I was right. It’s not guarded.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): N-Not a soul in sight.

Saori (Arius Squad): *pant* *pant*

Sensei: “Is this the Arius district?”

Misaki (Arius Squad): Once upon a time. It’s now just an old, abandoned area.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): The actual district is farther. We have to approach carefully. She’s waiting for us.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …This was a training ground once.

Sensei: “A training ground?”

Misaki (Arius Squad): It was a historical site, actually. But it was converted to a training ground after the civil war ended.

SenseI: “There was a civil war?”

Misaki (Arius Squad): Ten years ago, the Arius district was divided in two and war ensued. Any Arius student could tell you.

Sensei: Lean in to hear better.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Did that pique your interest, Sensei?

Misaki (Arius Squad): It’s not as exciting as you think. And has nothing to do with our current mission.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I remember this place. I met Azusa for the first time here.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I think it was shooting training… Some kit was getting beat for disobeying orders.

Sensei: “...”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): No one said anything…just watched in fear. But she kept standing back up, no matter what the teacher did!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I remember crying because…b-because I thought her halo was gonna be destroyed.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Then Saori…I mean Leader came running up…

Misaki (Arius Squad): We don’t have the luxury of reminiscing right now.

…

Misaki (Arius Squad): What’s the plan, Leader?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): We may have Sensei on our side, but we can’t fight the entire school. How should we proceed?

…

Misaki (Arius Squad): …Leader?

Saori falls

Sensei: “Saori?!”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Waaaah! L-L-Leader?!

Saori (Arius Squad): *pant* *pant*

Misaki (Arius Squad): Tsk. She has a fever. She’s been toughing it out this whole time.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): This whole time? When could she have gotten sick?!


Misaki (Arius Squad): I expect she’s been sick this whole time. She’s injured and has been on the run for four days straight. Her body is finally catching up.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): C-Can we do anything to help her?

Sensei: Take out a fever reducer.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-Sensei’s pocket is magical! There was medicine in it!

Misaki (Arius Squad): You’re well-prepared.

Sensei: “I got it from a magical place called a convenience store.” / “I also have digestive medicine, cat treats, and a chocolate bar.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I knew it… Adults are so…scary…

Misaki (Arius Squad): What a relief.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Here, Leader. This will help.

Misaki gives the medicine

Saori (Arius Squad): *gulp* *pant pant*


Hiyori (Arius Squad): Leader is really suffering…

Sensei: “We’ll rest here for now.”

Misaki (Arius Squad): …There’s no other choice.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): D-Do you want me to keep watch?

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’ll take shifts. You need rest too, Hiyori.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’ll go first. Sensei, you should rest as well.

Sensei: “Thanks, Misaki. Wake me if anything happens.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Y-You’re the best Misaki.

Fade to black

I sat in a corner and fell asleep quickly…

…

Fade to white

Seia (Tea Party): SenseI? Finally! Can you hear me?

Seia (Tea Party): If you can hear my voice, please…

Seia (Tea Party): I’m trapped in an in-between. Neither dream nor reality. I don’t know when I’ll be able to escape.

Seia (Tea Party): I don’t have much time, listen closely.

Seia (Tea Party): I…made a mistake…

Seia (Tea Party): I found Gematria in a dream and eavesdropped on their meeting.

Pan to all the members of Gematria

Seia (Tea Party): Beatrice, who’s ruling the Arius district, was trying to hole some kind of ritual in the Arius basilica….









































Seia (Tea Party): The end…Kivotos’ end will come with the conclusion of the ceremony.

Fade to white

Seia (Tea Party): I don’t know exactly what she’s doing, but it’s clear the end result will be our demise.

Seia (Tea Party): She seems to be trying to summon some kind of being into Kivotos. I’m not sure.








Seia (Tea Party): But I was overpowered by Beatrice in a lucid dream and encountered some sort of being from beyond my own consciousness…

Seia (Tea Party): The exposer was too much, and my body began breaking down.

Fade to white

Seia (Tea Party): And I… I hurt Mika.

Seia (Tea Party): I was so frightened, having confirmed that my visions were indeed Kivotos’ future. I lashed out at her, blamed her. And then she had to watch as my body began to fail.

Seia (Tea Party): Every route I take… I always hurt her.

Fade to white

Seia (Tea Party): Mika will blame herself and do something she’ll regret. I know her.

…

Seia (Tea Party): If Beatrice is successful, she will bring about the downfall of Kivotos.

Seia (Tea Party): And Atsuko of the Arius Squad will be sacrificed for the ritual.

Seia (Tea Party): Trapped in this in-between, there is nothing I can do. All I can do is hope you hear my pleas.

Seia (Tea Party): And Sensei… Please be careful. Beatrice wants you dead.

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei, you must understand you alone cannot solve all of this.

Seia (Tea Party): You’ve done so much for each of us. Now, allow us to shoulder some of the burden.

Seia (Tea Party): I’m going to get out of here somehow, alert Nagisa and the others, and get Mika back.

Seia (Tea Party): It’ll be my turn to apologize.

Seia (Tea Party): So, Sensei…

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei… If you can hear my voice…please…

Seia (Tea Party): Run, Sensei. You have to get as far away as you can from the Arius district.

Seia (Tea Party): Otherwise, you’ll…

Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): …

<<To be Continued>>

































13 - Old Story
While Saori is asleep, Misaki and Hiyori tell Sensei about Squad’s past. Finally, Saori wakes up, and despite her heavy injuries, she decides to continue on to the Arius basilica to rescue Atsuko.

Sensei: “(Seia…)” / “(Mika…)”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-Sensei?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Sorry to wake you.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Did you have a bad dream? We’re used to it, but it’s not easy to sleep in an environment like this.

Sensei: “...Something like a dream. How’s the situation?”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-I’ve been keeping a close you on Leader’s condition. Her fever’s gone down, but she’s still resting…

Misaki (Arius Squad): We can’t dawdle much longer. It’s still quiet, but we should leave in the next thirty minutes.

Sensei: “Thirty minutes…”

Misaki (Arius Squad): Yes. Is something wrong?

Sensei: “Can you tell me the rest of your story?” / “I want to hear about your story.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Huh? Th-That’s…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Why so much interest? We were Schale’s enemy. It’s not a pleasant story.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …Fine, I guess. We have time anyways.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): My first memory is Madame declaring that the civil war was finally over.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We were too young to understand. We didn’t know what a civil war or even who Madame was.

Misaki (Arius Squad): She declared herself the new Student Council president, as well as owner and ruler of Arius. She wasted no time imparting her teachings on the Arius Academy.

Fade to black

All is in vain. Life is ultimately empty.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Her philosophies…combat skills…anger and hatred… She taught us all of it to mold us into a perfect army.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): She also taught us that the source of our suffering was Trinity…that Gehenna would never deign to coexist with us.

Sensei: “...”











Misaki (Arius Squad): Madame drilled the hate into us, teaching us what it was to kill. Turning us into murderers.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): And she made us believe murderers like us would never be accepted at another school.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): She was our master. She told us she was a grown-up who taught the truth of the world. That we must follow and respect her.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): She was an adult. We didn’t know anything but to accept her teachings.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Anyone who rebelled was punished ruthlessly, like Azusa and Hime.

Sensei: “...”


Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-Sensei?! Why do you look so scary? Did we do something wrong?

Misaki (Arius Squad): I never promised a pleasant story.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Y-Your story made Sensei mad, Misaki…

Sensei: “I’m sorry. I was wondering why you call Atsuko ‘Hime’.” / “I’m sorry. Why do you call Atsuko ‘Hime’ sometimes?”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-Why we call her Hime?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Well… Um… B-Because she’s Hime, I guess?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hime…has always been Hime to us.














Misaki (Arius Squad): A direct descendant of the previous Arius Student Council president… So, kind of like a princess.

Misaki (Arius Squad): The presidency was once passed down through families, so she would have been Student Council president of the Arius Satellite School.

Misaki (Arius Squad): On the other hand, Leader, Hiyori, and I were petty thieves living in the slums since childhood. Although it was always Leader dragging us around.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I can remember Hime’s pretty dress… She look so graceful compared to us.. Heehee.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Leader and I always admired her… Misaki didn’t seem to care either way though.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …It wasn’t that exactly. I just saw no reason to express it.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): R-Really? All this time?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hime is kind, before all else. She held out her hand to a gloomy child like me.

Misaki (Arius Squad): When she took off her mask, her smile warmed me. Atsuko is…precious to me, too.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): When the civil war ended, I learned that madame planned on sacrificing Hime.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We didn’t really understand. We only knew how to blindly accept what was handed to us.

Misaki (Arius Squad): It seemed natural the person we admired the most would be given such an honor.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): But Leader… Leader didn’t accept it. She stole Hime away and brought her back to us.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I didn’t even know something like that could be done.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I think Leader must have made a deal with her. Madame would never have handed Hime over.

Sensei: “...”












Saori (Arius Squad): I could change Hime’s fate…if I just faithfully carried out her orders.

Saori (Arius Squad): She said I could…save not only Hime…but the others too.

Misaki (Arius Squad): So Hime hid her face and voice and started to undergo rigours training with us.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader taught all of us: me, Hiyori, Hime, and Azusa, who joined us later. Looking back, those were hard times.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I still have nightmares about it… Leader was almost as scary as the adults.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Then, we were named Squad and utilized to carry out many missions for Arius.

Misaki (Arius Squad): But we couldn’t complete this final mission, and Hime was taken.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): We become traitors, joined forces with Sensei, who was our target in the first place, and then returned to Arius. It’s a ludicrous situation.

Saori (Arius Squad): I enjoyed your story.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): L-Leader?!


Misaki (Arius Squad): …You’re up. Can you keep going?

Saori (Arius Squad): I can. I’m sorry to have inconvenienced all of you.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-I’m so relieved…! I might cry… I didn’t know what to do…!


Misaki (Arius Squad): At least your fever’s gone down.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Remember you’re not fully recovered. Don’t get frustrated you’re not at 100%.

Misaki (Arius Squad): So, what’s the plan, Leader?


Hiyori (Arius Squad): Go save Hime…?

Saori (Arius Squad): No matter what.

Saori (Arius Squad): Our goal remains the same. We’ll go to the Arius basilica and rescue Hime.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): How will we infiltrate the basilica? She knows we’re here.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve considered that. So, we’re going through the Arius Satellite School’s former institute.

!!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): F-Former institute? It’s in ruins! It’s been falling apart for decades now!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Why there?

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime once told me that when the Council built the original Arius Academy building, they made an underground corridor between the basilica and the academy.

Sensei: “The Council built the Arius Academy?!”

Misaki (Arius Squad): Ah. Do you not know? It was the Saint Justina Council who supported Arius’s exit from the Trinity alliance.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Those who denounced Arius most strongly spearheaded our exodus and reconstruction.

Saori (Arius Squad): The corridor is ancient history, so I doubt if she even knows of it.

Saori (Arius Squad): We’ll slip into the basilica unnoticed if all goes well.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Have you been there? Are you sure?

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve only heard of it from Hime. We’ll have to find it somehow.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I don’t like so many uncertainties in a plan.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): B-But what other choice do we have? There’s too many students to try to bulldoze our way through.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Right. I wouldn’t normally agree to this, but we have Sensei as backup if things take a turn for the worse.

Sensei: “It’s our best option. Let’s do it.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh geez, life really is suffering.

Saori (Arius Squad): The former institute isn’t far from here, but don’t blow our cover. Or we’ll miss our chance to save Hime.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Affirmative.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Let’s go, Squad!

Fade to black

[Somewhere in the Arius District]

Mika (Tea Party): *cough* *cough*


Mika (Tea Party): Ugh… I’ve been cooped up eating cake rolls for too long. I’m already tired.

Mika (Tea Party): At least I got to the Arius district. Step one, complete!


!!


Arius Student A: Wh-Who goes there?

Arius Student B: Aren’t you Misono Mika?

Mika (Tea Party): I’m like a celebrity! Hi, great timing!

Mika (Tea Party): Which way to the basilica please? You can just point me in the right direction.

Arius Student B: I-Intruder! I’ll contact the main force!


Mika fucking kills her

Mika (Tea Party): How rude of you! If you yell like that in the middle of the night, you might disturb someone’s beauty sleep!

Arius Student A: F-Fire! Attack!

Mika gets shot at

Mika (Tea Party): It hurts…

Mika (Tea Party): Darn. I know it was gonna come to this.

Mika fucking kills her too

<<To be Continued>>








































14 - Meeting
In a corridor of the Former Institute Sensei’s communications are intercepted by Beatrice. Beatrice tries to convince Sensei that her actions in the Arius District, along with Atsuko’s sacrifice, were all to create a better world for adults and asks them to join her. Sensei rejects Beatrice’s offer, and a battle between the Arius Squad and the Saint Justina Council ensues.

…

Misaki (Arius Squad): All clear. Move up.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh geez, life really is suffering.

Saori (Arius Squad): Does it feel a little too quiet to anyone else? I’ve never seen it so abandoned.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): There’re a number of unfamiliar things about this street.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’ve felt off since we arrived.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We may have been gone for a long time, but everything feels different.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Like, has this area always had all this crazy stuff?


Hiyori (Arius Squad): Cruise missiles installed everywhere, weapons for distribution everywhere you look.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Come to think of it, don’t you think the Mimesises are really weird? We just accepted them without question.

…

 Fade to black

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): How long has Arius had that cruise missile?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): When did you gain control of those mysterious soldiers?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Even a bomb capable of shattering halos…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): How is any of this possible?

Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): Enemy approaching. Hide.

Squad hides while Mimesises appear

Saori (Arius Squad): Isn’t that..?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-The Council?! Is it the Saint Justina Council? Why’re they so scary looking?

Saori (Arius Squad): How can they be here? Sensei canceled our contract.

Misaki (Arius Squad): If you think about it…

Misaki (Arius Squad): The objective during the Eden Treaty plot was to secure the Mimesis ability.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Hime did as the wooden doll in the cathedral told her to, just as she was instructed.

Misaki (Arius Squad): With the Council troops secured, our mission was to occupy the Trinity and Gehenna districts.

Misaki (Arius Squad): But we lost to Schale.

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes… We failed both securing the Mimesis ability and occupying the academies.

Saori (Arius Squad): But…she’d already secured the Mimesis ability…?


???: GRAAAAAAAH.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-What was that…?

Misaki (Arius Squad): It’s the scream of Ambrosius, a tactical weapon utilized during the Eden Treaty, It seemed to be some form of a Mimesis.

Saori (Arius Squad): So, that means…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Yes. Perhaps she only needed one successful Mimesis.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Our real mission was to take Hime to the old cathedral and activate the Mimesis.

Misaki (Arius Squad): The Gehenna and Trinity occupation…it must have been a distraction.

Saori (Arius Squad): It had…nothing to do with saving Hime?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Then was the meaning of all this? All this pain…

Black screen

???: Whatever COULD it mean, little one?

Back to scene

Justina troops surround Squad

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …We’re surrounded?!


Saori (Arius Squad): How did you…

Misaki (Arius Squad): She knew this was our only way in.

Beatrice (Gematria): A+ for you, little Misaki.

Saori (Arius Squad): …Madame.

Beatrice (Gematria): This is my territory. You can’t so much as take a breath here without me knowing.

Beatrice (Gematria): Your childish plans were obvious from the start. Did you really think you could outsmart me, children?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Sh-She read us like a m-magazine!


Misaki (Arius Squad): Indeed. We’ve just been playing into her game.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Beatrice (Gematria): And yes, Saori. You were correct.

Beatrice (Gematria): From the beginning, your true mission was to bring royal blood to the old cathedral and manifest the Council.

Beatrice (Gematria): All I needed was for you to open a path to the Mimesis ability. Of course, Maestro doesn’t like me treading on his supposed area of expertise much.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Beatrice (Gematria): Trinity and Gehenna were little flies that landed on my chess board.

Beatrice (Gematria): I only used them as an excuse to fuel the deep-seated hate within your district. It made you little fools…so very, very easy to control.

Saori (Arius Squad): …?!


Beatrice (Gematria): In that sense, I supposed you actually did fulfill your mission! I couldn’t have gotten the Mimesis ability without you.

Beatrice (Gematria): Not only that, you handed over the royal blood so nicely. What an obedient little child you are, Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): I was only obedient to keep Hime safe! You lied to us.

Beatrice (Gematria): Yes, yes. So tragic, so sad. Anyways, I have more important matters to attend to.

Gunfire and the scene turning black

Saori (Arius Squad): U-Ugh!


Next scene

Beatrice (Gematria): And we finally meet, [NAME] Sensei.

Sensei: “How do you know who I am?”

Beatrice (Gematria): Schale’s educator. The beloved Sensei. Your reputation precedes you. I’ve anticipated this meeting for some time now.

Beatrice (Gematria): Allow me to introduce myself. I am Beatrice, a member of Gematria, but you may call me Madame.

Sensei: “I can’t say I’m pleased to meet you, Beatrice. You’re the…ruler of Arius?”

Beatrice (Gematria): Tch. Insolence. Yes, I was the only one in Gematria who successfully established an estate. And look at how mine flourishes.

Beatrice (Gematria): Aren’t you curious how I’ve brought the entire student body under my control? I’ll tell you my secrets, for a few in return of course.

Sensei: “I don’t care about your twisted methodologies.” / “I already know how your type works.”

Beatrice (Gematria): Oh? You’re just as I imagined you’d be.

Beatrice (Gematria): You see, despite the way I look, I have no special powers or abilities.

Beatrice (Gematria): I have at times wished for it…mind control, brainwashing. It certainly could have saved me a considerable amount of time. But us adults do things our way, as you well know.

Beatrice (Gematria): Hate, contempt, anger, disgust… Such intense, all-encompassing emotions. They’re laughably easy to manipulate.

Beatrice (Gematria): I do love the elegance of it. All I had to do was ignite the flame and watch my carefully laid-out plans burn the world down. At least, they would have before you intervened.











Beatrice (Gematria): But those silly little brats you’re trying so hard to save were already waging a civil war before I came along. Did you know that, Sensei?

Beatrice (Gematria): All that deep-seated rage…that boiling hatred against the world. I simply…utilized it. I would hardly consider them poor, innocent little students.

Beatrice (Gematria): Of course all those students you fervently protect are the same. Human nature is violent and selfish at its core.










Beatrice (Gematria): You need only turn your gaze at Trinity to understand. You’ve witnessed it, Sensei. Their hatred. Their cruelty.

Beatrice (Gematria): When you consider it that way, isn’t there a beauty to my methods?

Beatrice (Gematria): All I do is reach my hand into the insatiable void of ate they already possess and rip it open further. And then I fill the hole with my own teachings until my voice is the only command they follow.

Beatrice (Gematria): And forcing them to commit heinous crimes under my command… The guilt they inherently suffer makes them latch to me even harder. Is it my fault? Is it theirs? I do love watching them unravel.

Beatrice (Gematria): You see, I distort the very fabric of their reality. Their emotions are no longer their own, their relationships with each other falling to the wayside as I become the only lifeboat in the middle of the treacherous sea.

Beatrice (Gematria): Paradise is only paradise if it’s exclusive. And in mine, adults dominate, exploit, and devour these unfortunate souls.

Beatrice (Gematria): The more hellish for them, the more comfortable this paradise becomes for me.

Beatrice (Gematria): Now, my dearest Sensei. Why don’t you run along and let me prey upon my loyal subjects in peace?

















Beatrice (Gematria): Forget about the royal blood.

Beatrice (Gematria): I’ve spent so much effort on her. You wouldn’t want me to waste it, would you? And I promise, you’ll benefit from her sacrifice, too.

Beatrice (Gematria): Aren’t you the least bit curious? What the sacrifice of one insignificant student can achieve?

Beatrice (Gematria): I’ll make a world built just for you. Don’t you like the sound of that, Sensei?












Beatrice (Gematria): Come join me, and I’ll tell you everything. About our new world, and secrets about the world we currently live in.

Beatrice (Gematria): Kivotos is…truly…a marvel. A sublime tale of mystery and horror.

Beatrice (Gematria): And I can show you the truth behind all of it. Take my hand, Sensei. It’s the last time you’ll see it extended.

Sensei: “Enough out of you.”

Beatrice (Gematria): Oh?


Sensei: “I’m not interested in your delusional, twisted dreams.” / “I don’t need a truth that demands innocent blood.”

Beatrice (Gematria): Hahaha. They were right. You are resolute in your ways.

Beatrice (Gematria): If our truths can’t align, I can only see you as my adversary.

Beatrice (Gematria): So…is this Eden Treaty your paradise? A bumbling, idealistic world where love and friendship overcomes all?

Beatrice (Gematria): You’re really no better than those naive children.

Beatrice (Gematria): You can’t slap the word paradise onto something and sell it to them. As an adult, you should be teaching the truth.

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): “Paradise is the origin of the first sin…”

Beatrice (Gematria): Real paradise is hate. It’s anger and remorse. It’s the evil that lies within all of us

Sensei: “Beatrice.”

Back to scene

!!

Sensei: “You’ve insulted our way of living long enough.” / “Your methods are an insult to everything I stand for.” / “We as adults should be protecting our students.”

Beatrice (Gematria): …So that’s the path you choose, Sensei?

Beatrice (Gematria): So be it. I’ll be waiting for you in the basilica.

Beatrice (Gematria): Why don’t we take bets on whether you can make it to me?

Beatrice (Gematria): Sensei, you truly are an incomprehensible presence.
















Beatrice (Gematria): Black Suit perceives you as a rival. Quite a compliment, coming from him.

Beatrice (Gematria): Maestro is absolutely fascinated with you. He thinks you alone can understand him.

Beatrice (Gematria): To Golconde, you’re a metaphor that completes his eternal search.

Beatrice (Gematria): And I perceive you as an adversary. We reject each other, like oil and water.

Beatrice (Gematria): My natural enemy.

More Justina approach

Saori (Arius Squad): (...)


Misaki (Arius Squad): (...)

Hiyori (Arius Squad): (Yes, yes, yes. W-We’re…ready!)

Beatrice (Gematria): Squash them. Grind them under your heel.

Sensei: “I’m with you, Squad!”

Saori (Arius Squad): BEATRICE!

<<Battle Sequence>>
Mika suddenly appears, defeats the Council’s boss, and fights against the Arius Squad.

Sensei: “Mika…?!”


Saori (Arius Squad): Mika?! How did you get here?

Mika (Tea Party): Long time no see, Saori.

Mika (Tea Party): I spent a long time thinking really hard about how I could get through Sensei to beat down Squad to pieces. But I’m really coming up short.

Mika (Tea Party): So, I just decided I’d figure it out as I go!


Mika (Tea Party): …Which wasn’t my best idea.

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei, you really are too strong.

<<To be Continued>>






























15 - What Remains
Sensei tries to stop Mika, but she doesn’t listen, so Sensei and the Arius Squad try to subdue her.

Sensei: “MIka… You need to stop!” / “There isn’t time for this right now!”


Mika (Tea Party): Sorry, Sensei. I did try really hard to be good for a while.

Mika (Tea Party): I get what you’re doing, Sensei. But I can’t be the student you want me to be.

Mika (Tea Party): I’ve let you down so many times at this point, what’s one more?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): Do we run or fight?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-Sensei?

Sensei: “Mika needs to learn her lesson.” / “Let’s take Mika down.”

Misaki (Arius Squad): …Good. I was getting angry.

Mika (Tea Party): Oh? Are you all going to punish me?

Mika (Tea Party): Really. The villains are always so misunderstood.

<<Battle Sequence>>
The Arius Squad manages to suppress Mika, but Mika quickly escapes again after expressing her anger at all of them. The squad heads back to the basilica.

Mika (Tea Party): *cough* *cough*

Saori (Arius Squad): *pant* *pant*

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’ve subdued her. I think.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): A-Are you sure she’s not gonna get up again?

Mika (Tea Party): Owwie… Sensei, you really do get in my way sometimes.

Sensei: “Mika… Seia will be fine. She’s doing her best” / “Mika, you need to go back. I don’t want you to get hurt.”

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei…

Mika (Tea Party): I did it again… Didn’t I…?

Mika (Tea Party): I keep betraying you… I’m just the worst student…taking advantage of your trust..

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): But… I…

Mika (Tea Party): I… I can’t…












Mika (Tea Party): I have nowhere to go, Sensei. Not Trinity, not anywhere.

Mika (Tea Party): I’m the witch of Trinity now. I hurt Seia over and over again…

Mika (Tea Party): I don’t wanna get kicked out… I won’t get to play with Nagi…or Sensei… All the people I treasure will be out of my reach!

Mika (Tea Party): And if I’m expelled… I won’t be Sensei’s student anymore. Sensei won’t care about me.

Mika (Tea Party): I know there’s no happy future written in my fate…

Mika (Tea Party): Because I’m a villain of everyone’s story! I’m…I’m a murderer.

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): The only thing I have left to live for is my revenge!














Mika (Tea Party): Squad! Why? Why are things like this?

Mika (Tea Party): You stole everything from me! I lost everything I held dear!


Mika (Tea Party): It’s all your fault!

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Mika (Tea Party): Why do you guys get to see your friends every day? Enjoy your lives?

Mika (Tea Party): Meanwhile, I…

Mika (Tea Party): I’ve become a speck of dust..

Mika (Tea Party): There’s nothing left to live for…

Mika (Tea Party): So, tell me!

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): What am I supposed to do?

Mika (Tea Party): …

Back to scene

Mika (Tea Party): I can’t let Saori get away with what she did…

Mika (Tea Party): I can’t stand that Sensei is helping this shameless, lying backstabber.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei, I’m sorry. You can’t stop me.

Mika leaves

Sensei: “Mika! Come back!”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-Where did she go?

Misaki (Arius Squad): What is she thinking? She’s a loose cannon.

Saori (Arius Squad): Mika really…hates me to her core.

Saori (Arius Squad): I can’t blame her for thinking I’m shameless. But I’m doing what I must.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader, what should we do? Mika isn’t going to give up. The odds aren’t stacked in our favor.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Arius and the Council. An incredibly strong, vengeful Tea Party member.

Saori (Arius Squad): It doesn’t matter what the odds are. We enter the basilica through the former institute, just as we planned.

Saori (Arius Squad): There’s no time left. We have to throw caution to the wind.

Saori leaves

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh geez, life really is suffering.

Hiyori leaves

Misaki (Arius Squad): …*sigh*

Misaki (Arius Squad): We’ll be left behind, Sensei.

Misaki leaves

Sensei: Follow / “(Mika…)”

Fade to black

<<To be Continued>>



































16 - Underground Corridor


[Arius Satellite School Former Institute]

Saori (Arius Squad): This way.

Sensei: “This is the oldest building I’ve seen in the Arius district.”

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I’ve n-never been inside before…

Misaki (Arius Squad): That makes sense. It may be in ruins, but it’s considered a historical site.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): It’s so weird to think the original Arius students studied in there. I wonder what kind of lessons they had…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Those questions are lost to history.

Saori (Arius Squad): Let’s go. We need to get to the underground corridor.

[Former Institute Underground Corridor]

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-This way! I think this is it!

Saori (Arius Squad): Great job, Hiyori.

Misaki (Arius Squad): A moment, please.

?

Misaki (Arius Squad): If the passage is connected to the basilica in a straight line…the terrain will be dangerous.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve thought about the possibility of an ambush. Considering it’s a straight line…

Misaki (Arius Squad): No, I’m talking about Misono Mika.

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’ve been trying to think what I would do in her shoes.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Right now, Sensei is her only obstacle. She doesn’t want to hurt them, but Sensei’s presence puts realizing her vengeance out of reach.

Misaki (Arius Squad): That means…

*rumble*

Misaki (Arius Squad): That’s not good.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-S-Sensei! Oh no, turn around! That pillar’s collapsing!


Black screen

Sensei: “...!” / Dodge the falling pillar.

*boom*


Back to scene

Misaki (Arius Squad): Are you okay, Sensei?

Sensei: “Yeah, just barely.”


Hiyori (Arius Squad): Th-Thank goodness. I know these ruins are old, but it collapsed outta nowhere.

…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): W-Wait! Where’s Leader?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader? Where are you?

Saori (Arius Squad): I’m here. On the other side of the pillar.

Misaki (Arius Squad): There’s too much smoke and debris. Are you hurt?

Saori (Arius Squad): I made it out okay. Just on the wrong side.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-I’ll move the pillar for you, Leader! Just wait one second!

Hiyori fucking moves the pillar

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Augh! What do I do? Me moving it is just making everything worse! Why do I always make everything worse?

Black screen with explosion

Misaki (Arius Squad): *cough* *cough*


Misaki (Arius Squad): This is bad. There’s no way around it.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Everything is ruined! Leader! Are you okay?


Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader, can you hear me? We’re going to have to find a point in the middle to meet.

Back to scene

Saori (Arius Squad): I think I’ll have to take a rain check on that.

???: …I did it! I really had to control the power so Sensei wouldn’t get sucked in!

Saori puts on her mask

Saori (Arius Squad): …





















Mika (Tea Party): Well, Joumae Saori. I was hoping it would be you.

<<To be Continued>>

17 - Contest
Mika and Saori face each other beyond the rubble, cut off from Sensei and the rest. Their long-fueled rivalry finally comes to a head. Watching this, Beatrice explains the mysterious power lurking outside of Kivotos to Seia. Meanwhile, Seia continues to search for a way out of her daydream.

Sensei: “Mika! Stop this!”

Mika (Tea Party): …Sorry, Sensei. I have to.

Mika (Tea Party): You get the situation right, Saori? We’re on a bit of a tight schedule, so let’s hurry this up.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Saori (Arius Squad): One hour left until sunrise…

Mika (Tea Party): I’d be more focused on the present, if I were you. You might be safe if Sensei gets over here…

Mika (Tea Party): Who knows how long it’ll take for them to get through the rubble? I’m not completely evil though. If you can hold out until then, you win.

Mika (Tea Party): As if that would happen.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): I don’t like that expression. Why do you seem happy? Have you finally lost it?

Saori (Arius Squad): …I was just reminiscing.

?

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Saori (Arius Squad): Sensei!! Don’t come help me!!

Mika (Tea Party): …!


Scene change

Misaki (Arius Squad): ……

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …?!

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ll be okay! Go to Atsuko!

Saori (Arius Squad): There’s no time left. Please! Save Hime!

Hiyori (Arius Squad): L-Leader…!


Sensei: “Saori…”

Misaki (Arius Squad): She’s right. Let’s go.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We don’t even know the way to the chapel.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Even if we leave now, it will already be too late.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): ……

Misaki (Arius Squad): But Leader is injured. She won’t last long enough for us to save her.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-So we shouldn’t leave…

Misaki (Arius Squad): We have to make a choice. Save Hime, or save our leader.

Sensei: “...”

Misaki (Arius Squad): I’m leaving the final call to you, Sensei.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Mika means business…but Hime’s life is hanging by a thread.

Misaki (Arius Squad): What are you going to do?

Sensei: “I…”

Sensei: “Let’s go.” / Do what needs to be done.

Black screen with walking

Back to scene 

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): I guess Sensei chose Atsuko, in the end.

Mika (Tea Party): Aren’t you happy? Isn’t that what you wanted?

Saori (Arius Squad): …Was this what you wanted, Mika?

Mika (Tea Party): What I wanted?

Mika (Tea Party): What do I want again? Oh…to separate Squad from Sensei, but…

Mika (Tea Party): ……

Mika (Tea Party): I wasn’t particularly aiming for you, to clarify.

Mika (Tea Party): I wouldn’t have really cared who it was.

…

Mika (Tea Party): Actually, it would’ve been nice if it was Sensei with me…

Mika (Tea Party): That would be asking for too much, huh?

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): Don’t give me that look. I know I can be a dummy.

Mika (Tea Party): What did Seia always say? Oh yeah! That I’m impulsive and careless. What a meanie!

Mika (Tea Party): Okay, fine. Maybe I lied a little bit.

Mika (Tea Party): I wanted it to be you. The object of all my hate at my mercy.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei only rescues their students. Sensei will go to the ends of the world to secure their students’ happy ending.

Mika (Tea Party): But villains? Villains who’ve betrayed and lied and hurt people don’t get anything good.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): So, Saori. Here we are at the end. Don’t you want to say anything?

Mika (Tea Party): This is the climax! The scene where the witch executes the hound! Which I guess you’re probably not happy about, but you really don’t want to say anything?

Mika (Tea Party): You can beg if you want! Scream and cry about how unfair this is, about how you don’t understand why I’m doing this.

Saori (Arius Squad): …I do understand.

?!

Saori drops a grenade

Mika (Tea Party): What was that? A grenade? No, a smoke bomb? Hm…

Explosion

Mika (Tea Party): Owiee… I-It hurts…

Saori (Arius Squad): It’s a weapon that’s been banned from production. I found it at the Arius training grounds.

Mika (Tea Party): Oh, I’m so sorry. ☆ I didn’t actually care. It doesn’t matter what weapons you have.

Explosion

Mika (Tea Party): Ugh…?!

Saori (Arius Squad): …This isn’t our first fight. I know how to handle you.

Gunfire

Mika falls 

Mika (Tea Party): …Ugh.

Saori (Arius Squad): As I said, I understand your hatred, Mika.

Saori (Arius Squad): If not for me, you would still have your Tea Party, your friends…the future you were meant to have.

Saori (Arius Squad): I also understand that it’s my responsibility to bear that hatred.

Mika (Tea Party): …How disgustingly amusing.

Mika (Tea Party): So you chose guerrilla warfare? Considering this terrain, I guess that’s the best possible way.

Mika (Tea Party): Also, did you really bring a thermo-pressure grenade to a gun fight? I hope you didn’t think that would be enough to take ME down.

Mika (Tea Party): I can’t say I don’t like your pluck.

Mika (Tea Party): But that doesn’t mean I’ll take it easy on you. Try your hardest, but…what is it you people always say? It’ll be in vain.

Black screen

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve learned that, even if all is in vain, there’s still a reason to fight.

Back to scene

Mika (Tea Party): Yeesh… How stubborn.

Another explosion with gunfire










Beatrice (Gematria): Ah, Mika. My muse. Does she know her role? How she has helped to forge my hell? And I, hers?

Beatrice (Gematria): The hatred that courses through our bodies…it confirms our very existence.

Beatrice (Gematria): It’s much easier to comprehend than some paradise we don’t know exists. Wouldn’t you agree, Seia?

Beatrice (Gematria): ……

Beatrice (Gematria): How charming. You still haven’t given up.

Beatrice (Gematria): The little cracks in your dreams you’re trying to escape through are hard to find, aren’t they?

Beatrice (Gematria): You’re trapped in my web with no way out. Are you scared, Seia? Afraid of the power outside of Kivotos you can’t tear your eyes away from?

Beatrice (Gematria): Your very existence attracted it like a moth to a flame.

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): …That thing.

Beatrice (Gematria): You ventured a step too far into powers you didn’t understand. And now it’s dominated you.

Back to scene

Beatrice (Gematria): I wonder…what will happen to you. Not even I know.

Beatrice (Gematria): We’re equally as ignorant of it as you are.

Beatrice (Gematria): An ominous light that can’t be interpreted, understood, or communicated with. An incomprehensibly idea that, in human eyes, has no purpose.

Beatrice (Gematria): Gematria’s greatest threat…











Beatrice (Gematria): We call it “color.”

A shriek is heard



Beatrice (Gematria): At last. We are approaching the climax.

Beatrice (Gematria): Do you feel it too? Ah, that. Yes. My trump card I carefully developed just for Schale. For your Sensei.

Beatrice (Gematria): The Saintess of the Council, Barbara.

Beatrice (Gematria): If completed as expected…it’ll be even stronger than the artificial angel series.

Beatrice (Gematria): Maestro will complain about his silly art, but…

Beatrice (Gematria): …a weapon’s beauty lies in its function.

Beatrice (Gematria): I can’t wait to see Maestro’s reaction… I do hope it vexes him.

Beatrice (Gematria): Will Schale and Squad overcome my weapon and interrupt the ritual? Or will they fail their mission when they’ve barely begun?

Beatrice (Gematria): I can’t wait to see it unfold. This fickle destiny.

Beatrice (Gematria): And you, Seia, will bear it in silence. And then you will believe that hell exists.

Another shriek is heard

Fade to black

Fade to white

Seia (Tea Party): *pant* *pant*

Seia (Tea Party): Beatrice…is wrong… I will not give…up… I will try…and try…

Seia (Tea Party): I must escape…find the cracks to slip out…

Seia (Tea Party): I cannot be trapped in this nightmare forever…

Seia (Tea Party): I cannot…will not be defeated here… I still…must…

<<To be Continued>>



18 - Another Us
After losing against Mika, Saori recalls her past with the squad. In the end, she collapses. Mika approaches Saori and points her gun at her but suddenly bursts into tears.





















Saori: This way, Hiyori, Misaki. Let’s hide here.

Hiyori: H-Hey…

Saori: Be quiet. Lower your head.

Hiyori: Who’s the girl in the middle over there? Sh-She’s wearing a really pretty dress…

Saori: I don’t know… She must be super important.

Misaki: That’s Hime. She’s of royal blood.

Hiyori: Really?! She’s royalty?


Hiyori: Woah! A real princess! She lives a totally different life from people like us.

Hiyori: I bet she’s never stolen food…or had frostbite…or slept on a cold floor…

Misaki: A-Are you crying?!

Hiyori: In a world full of suffering…I didn’t know such a beautiful person could exist… It’s so heartwarming. *sob*

Saori: I don’t care how heartwarming it is! You’re gonna give us away!

Hiyori: Sorry, b-but… *sob*

Misaki: …Even if she’s royalty, her situation is likely even worse than ours now.

Saori: …?

Misaki: They’re escorting a captured hostage to the enemy. She’s a prisoner of war.

Misaki: She’ll probably be locked away and never see the light of day, left alone to slowly starve.

Hiyori: Oh… Oh, no…

Saori: Stop, Misaki. You’re scaring Hiyori.

Misaki: …Sorry. So, what do we do? Just go back?

Saori: Of course not. Crowds like these are the perfect hunting grounds. Steal everything you can get your hands on.

Saori: Got it? Let’s go.

Fade to black

Gunshots accompanied with a fall

Saori: Stop!

Arius Officer: Get out of the way, eighth squad leader.

Saori: You’re going to destroy her halo! Please!


Hiyori: Please… Please stop… *sob*

Arius Officer: This is what resistance will get you. Move, if you don’t want to suffer the same fate.

Beaten Kid: *cough* You haven’t…broken…me…

Arius Officer: The insolence!

Saori: W-Wait!


Saori: I-I’ll teach her!

Arius Officer: Teach…?

Misaki: …And here she goes again.

Saori: I-I’m good at teaching! Hiyori, Misaki, and Hime have all improved their grades since I started helping them.

Saori: I’ll make sure she stays in line! So, Please…!


Fade to black

Slap

Misaki: …hurts.

Saori: Misaki, don’t do this again. Please.

Misaki: …Why not?

Saori: W-Why not…? B-Because…well…

Misaki: Why should we have to go on struggling?

Misaki: I’m cold, hungry, and sick. Every day is the same. Painful and unbearable.

Misaki: Why do you force this meaningless pain on us? Whaty can come from this?

Saori: B-But…

Saori: It’s because…

Misaki: …I knew it. You act like you know everything, but you’re no better than us. You know nothing!

Black screen with footsteps

Saori: M-Misaki! No, wait!


Saori: Wait! I-I…

Scene change

Saori: P-Please forgive me… I was wrong… I’m sorry…

Saori: I’m sorry…sorry…so sorry… I’ll never…

Saori: I’ll never disobey an adult’s order…never ever… I’ll let go of all hope… I won’t rebel.

Saori: I will never pray for happiness… Never again… I’m sorry…

Saori: So, please…forgive…

Fade to black

Saori: Have mercy…please…

Saori: Mercy…












Saori (Arius Squad): Why do you continue to resist, Azusa?


Saori (Arius Squad): A symbol of reconciliation? It was a fool’s dream. A lie. It’s not like you to believe in lies.

Saori (Arius Squad): Real truth lies in your training, in the lessons we have learned here.

Saori (Arius Squad): Let go of all hope. Don’t rebel. Don’t pray for happiness. Everything is in vain.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa! Are you listening?!


Saori (Arius Squad): Wh-What? What did you say?

Fade to white

Saori (Arius Squad): Where are you going? Come back… Azusa!


Saori (Arius Squad): Tell me…please! What did you say? Don’t…Don’t leave us.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa…

Saori (Arius Squad): Have you…found your answer?

Saori (Arius Squad): Please…what do you know? I…

Saori (Arius Squad): What should I do?

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa…

Mika (Tea Party): …Azusa?


Saori (Arius Squad): A-Argh…!


Saori (Arius Squad): U-Ugh…

Saori falls

Mika (Tea Party): You can’t move with those wounds, Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): …This is it, then.

Saori (Arius Squad): I guess this ending was already written in stone.

Black screen

Saori (Arius Squad): …It’s fine.

Back to scene

Mika (Tea Party): What, exactly, is fine?

Saori (Arius Squad): My ending. I ran out of pages a long time ago.

Saori (Arius Squad): I kept running forward, believing with all my heart I was doing what I had to do. But that didn’t make it right.

Mika (Tea Party): Azusa…

Saori (Arius Squad): …?

Mika (Tea Party): You called out for Azusa. Why?

Saori (Arius Squad): …You heard that?

Mika (Tea Party): Azusa of the Make-Up Work Club…a spy chosen to aide my coup.

Mika (Tea Party): If it weren’t for Sensei, she would’ve remained what she was supposed to be: a mindless chess piece.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa… She…

Saori (Arius Squad): She was never meant to be a spy.

Mika (Tea Party): What?


Saori (Arius Squad): At first, she was…

Saori (Arius Squad): She was a symbol of reconciliation.

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): What are you saying?

Saori (Arius Squad): Reconciliation for Trinity and Arius… That was your idea, Mika.

Mika (Tea Party): I mean, yeah. But I just made it up to trick Sensei…

Saori (Arius Squad): No. You don’t remember? You said it when you first approached us.

Saori (Arius Squad): Before Seia’s attack. Before the Eden Treaty, before the coup… Before the lies and schemes.

Mika (Tea Party): ……

Saori (Arius Squad): When we first met, you only spoke of peace.


<<Flashback sequence>>

Mika (Tea Party): Hi there! Are you an Arius student? What’s your name?

Mika (Tea Party): It’s such a nice day out! I love the feel of the sun on my skin.

Saori (Arius Squad): Get to the point, Trinity.

Mika (Tea Party): Woah, there. Not very into casual conversation, huh?

Mika (Tea Party): Okay, okay. I’d like for Trinity and Arius to reconcile.

Saori (Arius Squad): …What?


Mika (Tea Party): I know. It’s super crazy, huh?

Mika (Tea Party): I’m guessing you guys still hate us.

Mika (Tea Party): And I’d also say that’s probably why you stay hidden in this isolated district, and refuse any outside help. All because of some feud from years and years ago.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): Don’t look at me like that. I know how much anger and hatred from that feud pours into the present day. No one’s gonna want to compromise.

Mika (Tea Party): I mean, Nagi and Seia are still super against it. And I get it.

Mika (Tea Party): But at the same time, I don’t really understand. Would it be so bad for us to try to be nice to each other? Little by little, we could chip away at that hatred.

Mika (Tea Party): I really think it’s possible. That’s why I came out here to meet you guys. To try, little by little.

Saori (Arius Squad): …Do you expect me to trust you?

Mika (Tea Party): I really don’t. So, how about this?

Mika (Tea Party): What if you transfer an Arius student to Trinity without telling anyone?

Mika (Tea Party): I could make it happen with a snap of my fingers. Being in the Tea Party has its benefits.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): If an Arius student can assimilate into Trinity, we can prove that we’re not so different.

Mika (Tea Party): She’ll be like…a symbol of reconciliation! Aren’t I a genius?

…

Saori (Arius Squad): You’re insane. Your plan is insanity.

Mika (Tea Party): I know, right? But if we pull it off, Seia and Nagi would finally listen!


Saori (Arius Squad): …

Saori (Arius Squad): This isn’t a decision I can make. We’ll talk again later.

Mika (Tea Party): W-Wait! Does that mean you’re considering it? Do you have someone in mind?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Saori leaves

?

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa. It’s a mission.

Azusa (Arius Squad): …A mission?

























Beatrice (Gematria): Reconciliation? Your naivety astounds me. You’re walking into a trap with your eyes wide open.

Beatrice (Gematria): Although…this could work to our advantage. Observe her. See if she’s truly an artless child or a sly snake.

Beatrice (Gematria): Reject it for now, but maintain the relationship. Milk her for as much information as you can.

Saori (Arius Squad): You don’t want to…try?

Beatrice (Gematria): Silly child. A symbol of reconciliation? If I scoffed any harder, I’d be able to spit on the Trinity girl.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Beatrice (Gematria): I sense discontent, Saori. You couldn’t possibly have been thinking of acquiescing to Trinity, have you?

Saori (Arius Squad): …Of course not, Madame.

Beatrice (Gematria): Tell me. Who taught you what it means to go hungry? Who stole the very roof from over your head?

Saori (Arius Squad): …Trinity.

Beatrice (Gematria): Good girl. There is no reconciliation. They have taken everything from you, except your hatred. Do not lose it.

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes, Madame. I will not.




Saori (Arius Squad): I don’t know what it was about her…but I thought Azusa…

Saori (Arius Squad): I thought she could be that symbol for the academies.

Mika (Tea Party): ……

Saori (Arius Squad): But we’ll never know what could’ve become of that future.

<<Flashback sequence>>

Mika (Tea Party): Seia’s just through there.

Mika (Tea Party): You’ll send her on a little extended vacation to the hospital, and I’ll be next in line to become host!

Mika (Tea Party): What fun! Aren’t you excited?


<<End flashback>>

Mika (Tea Party): …

Saori (Arius Squad): Madame wanted Seia gone, and the opportunity presented itself.

Saori (Arius Squad): You only thought of us as disposable foot soldiers, didn’t you? Why else would you have revealed Seia’s location?

Saori (Arius Squad): But we weren’t some petty thieves you could manipulate.





















Saori (Arius Squad): We’re murderers. Day in and day out, we trained to destroy halos.

Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): And then we received a mission… Shatter Seia’s halo.












Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): And Azusa…she was assigned to the mission because she’d already studied and prepared to be our symbol of reconciliation.











Mika (Tea Party): …Nagi’s planning something weird.

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): A peace agreement with Gehenna? She’s gone totally crazy since Seia died.

Mika (Tea Party): Considering the situation, we should revisit our plan.

Mika (Tea Party): Plant a spy in Trinity, more carefully than last time.

<<End of flashback>>

Saori (Arius Squad): You…

Saori (Arius Squad): I didn’t understand what you wanted or what principles you upheld. I still don't.

Saori (Arius Squad): I could've just brushed you off as a foolish, naive girl. But I know you better than that.

Saori (Arius Squad): I thought your dreams of reconciliation were inconceivable, but…

Saori (Arius Squad): But what if it wasn’t? What if we could emerge from the shadows?

Saori (Arius Squad): Even now, I can’t erase the thoughts from my head.

Mika (Tea Party): ……

Saori (Arius Squad): Mika…

Saori (Arius Squad): When you first approached me, you really did want to reconcile, didn’t you?

Mika (Tea Party): ……

Saori (Arius Squad): You came to us with the best interests, but I deceived you and dragged you into hell.

Saori (Arius Squad): You couldn’t accept it…the hell that erupted from your hopeful dreams. So, you locked away your memories and embraced the darkness you believed lived inside you.

Saori (Arius Squad): And you’re not the only one.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hiyori and Misaki were dragged into Squad, and Hime…she never should have had to fight here.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa was forced to return to Trinity, not as the symbol of reconciliation we’d hoped for, but as a murderer and spy.

Saori (Arius Squad): All this, because of me. Because of my weakness.

Black screen

Saori (Arius Squad): Why do you always call me? A hound…

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes. A rabid hound. One that infects everyone around it.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Back to scene

Saori (Arius Squad): Why did I call out for Azusa? I have…so many questions for her.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa was a victim of circumstance. She suffered the most in some ways, and yet…

Saori (Arius Squad): …she seemed so happy.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa was always closed-off. She accepted her presence, but never our friendship.












Saori (Arius Squad): Her loneliness was palpable.







































Saori (Arius Squad): But then she actually went to Trinity. She went and made friends, met a nice adult…

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa overcame all her hardships and suffering with a smile.

Saori (Arius Squad): She seemed content, in that world beneath a blue sky I could never reach.

Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): It’s a lie. Don’t you understand? There can be no peace.

Saori (Arius Squad): Your hope? It’s an illusion! It’ll disappear with the setting sun!!













Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve prayed! I’ve dreamed and hoped! I’ve lived and loved, and nothing has ever changed!












Saori (Arius Squad): Everything is in vain, Azusa! Everything!


Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): But in the end…









Saori (Arius Squad): She was right, in the end.

Saori (Arius Squad): Everything I believed in…my hatred, my resolve…

Saori (Arius Squad): It was all a lie. Everything isn’t in vain.

Saori (Arius Squad): My weakness was everyone’s undoing.

Black screen

Saori (Arius Squad): It was all my fault, Mika.

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa couldn’t find happiness until she finally escaped…me.

Saori (Arius Squad): You know the lengths I went to deny that simple fact.













Saori (Arius Squad): I want to know…what Azusa has learned. The answers she found at Trinity.

Saori (Arius Squad): I have so many questions for her.

Black screen

Saori (Arius Squad): …Can I be happy too, one day?

Saori (Arius Squad): How can I find peace? Will I ever have the chance? Or more aptly…do I deserve the chance?

Saori (Arius Squad): What if…















Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): What if I had met Sensei first? Instead of Madame?

Saori (Arius Squad): How would the trajectory of my life have changed?

Saori (Arius Squad): Maybe I wouldn’t have hurt everyone I love.

Saori (Arius Squad): If I had…the chance to be good…

Saori (Arius Squad): I want to understand those words you said to me, Azusa.

Saori (Arius Squad): I want…

Saori falls

Saori (Arius Squad): It doesn’t matter anymore… Mika.

Saori (Arius Squad): Take your revenge. Claim as much as you’ve lost.

Saori (Arius Squad): You were never a witch. I was the one who injected my hate into your veins.

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve took so much from everyone around me. This ending is only fitting.

Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): Well.. I always thought it would be Azusa, but it’s for the best if it’s you, Mika.

…

Mika drops her weapon

…

Saori (Arius Squad): ……

Mika (Tea Party): I-I…

Mika (Tea Party): I…can’t… I can’t do it…

Mika (Tea Party): I can’t…because…

Mika (Tea Party): I…

Mika (Tea Party): …wanted that, too…

Mika (Tea Party): I wanted to be happy!


Mika (Tea Party): I’ve wondered that again and again too! What if I had met Sensei earlier? Sensei could’ve helped me fix my mistakes!










Mika (Tea Party): I didn’t think it was fair! I messed up… I really did. But I lost everything dear to me. I prayed for some form of mercy.

Mika (Tea Party): But...it never came. Not for me.

Mika (Tea Party): And now it's too late. I don't think there's anything I could ever do to make up for the horrible things I've done.

Mika (Tea Party): A second chance...?

Mika (Tea Party): I wanted it so badly. And when Sensei came to my cell and told me all my friends would come to my hearing, I thought I could have it. But...even that slipped away.

Mika (Tea Party): ...Everything is in vain, right? There was nothing left for me to do but to
suffer...and to hate.

Fade to black

Mika (Tea Party): You and I...are twin flames, Saori.

Mika (Tea Party): Inexplicably linked, cursed to never find happiness.

Mika (Tea Party): We can't turn back time, and we can't change the future.

Back to scene

Mika (Tea Party): I think that's why I fixated on you. Revenge felt like the only thing I could control.

Mika (Tea Party): You didn't turn me into a witch. I took the poison myself.

Mika (Tea Party): Even when Sensei tried to give me the antidote, I spit it out.

Mika (Tea Party): Like Seia always says, I really am hopeless.

Saori gets up 

Saori (Arius Squad): Mika…

Mika (Tea Party): Why haven't you shattered my halo yet?

Saori (Arius Squad): …!

Mika (Tea Party): I know you have the bomb. I've given you plenty of chances to use it.

Mika (Tea Party): If you did...then at least I... I wouldn't have to…

Saori (Arius Squad): I don’t have it.

Saori (Arius Squad): Sensei confiscated it from me.

Mika (Tea Party): Hm?


Mika (Tea Party): Confiscated it?


Mika (Tea Party): Seriously? Confiscated a deadly weapon like it was some weird magazine or alcohol?


?


Black screen

Sensei: "It's a teacher's duty to confiscate dangerous items."

Mika (Tea Party): ?!

Saori (Arius Squad): Sensei…?!


Mika (Tea Party): What are you doing here, Sensei?!

<<To be Continued>>




























19 - Infinite Chances
Sensei appears in front of Saori and Mika. Sensei apologizes to Mika, but Mika insists everything was her fault As Sensei encourages their students, Beatrice, becomes enraged and starts the ritual.

Saori (Arius Squad): Sensei?! I thought you were going to rescue Hime!

Sensei: "I will. With you, Saori."

Saori (Arius Squad): …!


Misaki (Arius Squad): Sensei is surprisingly stubborn…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Thank goodness you're okay, Leader... I mean...kind of okay. Well, at least you’re alive.

Saori (Arius Squad): Misaki… Hiyori..

Sensei: "You really harmed Saori, Mika."

Mika (Tea Party): I… Well…

Sensei: "And I'm sorry for all of it, Mika!"

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei…?!


Sensei: "I should have explained it to you better." / "I should have told you, face-to-face."

Mika (Tea Party): I don't understand. What do you mean?

Mika (Tea Party): Don't do that, Sensei... This is all my fault.

Sensei: "No. I‘m sorry I left you. I had to help Saori and Atsuko."

Saori (Arius Squad): ….

Sensei: "We're going to rescue Atsuko, and then go back to Trinity together."

Mika (Tea Party): …!


Mika (Tea Party): I-I…

Mika (Tea Party): What’s the point?

Mika (Tea Party): I'll still be expelled...and even...Seia, thanks to me.

Sensei: "Don't worry about any of that."

Mika (Tea Party): …!


Sensei: "I believe in the person Ifirst met by the pool." / "I know what kind ofa person you are, Mika."

Mika (Tea Party): Hahaha. Sensei, you're too much.

Mika (Tea Party): You think I'm a good person? You believe I'm a good little student?

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): I’m…a witch.

Mika (Tea Party): You can't be that blind, Sensei. You can see the blood on my hands.

Sensei: "You're right, Mika. You're my worst student."

Sensei: "You lied to others and to yourself." / "You hurt others and yourself."

Sensei: "You never know what to do with yourself." / "You cry every time things go wrong."

Sensei: "But your kind heart is what made you reach out to Arius." / "But you love everyone around you, with everything you have."

?!


Sensei: "You're not a witch. You're my student." / "You're just a stubborn, troublesome student."

Sensei: "I didn't come for Saori. I came to tell you all this."

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): You…

Mika (Tea Party): Can't you just leave me alone, Sensei? Stop torturing me.

Mika (Tea Party): After everything I've done, why won't you give up on me?!

Mika (Tea Party): Why would you come here and make me believe I have another chance?

Sensei: "Of course you have another chance."

Mika (Tea Party): …?

Sensei: "And if you don't, I'll make one."

Mika (Tea Party): That’s…

Sensei: "If that one doesn't work out, I'll do it again."

Black screen

Sensei: "And if that doesn't work, I'll try again."

Sensei: "And again, and again, and again! I won't stop!"

Sensei: "When you fail, you just try again!" / "I won't accept failure for either of you."

Sensei: "It doesn't matter if it takes the rest of our lives."

Sensei: "I'll give you infinite chances, Mika! Saori!"

Mika (Tea Party): …

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: "You're my students! That's all you need." / "Of course my students get to mess up!" / "I'll make it happen, no matter what!"

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): Cease this foolishness!


Back to scene

Beatrice (Gematria): Your nauseating idealism holds no place in my basilica.

Sensei: “Beatrice! You…!”

Beatrice (Gematria): Your theatrics have become entirely unamusing.

Beatrice (Gematria): Did you really think I wouldn't be watching you? This entire city belongs to me.

Beatrice (Gematria): I tire of your pathetic attempts to validate your existences, like insects to a flame. The time for games is over!

Beatrice (Gematria): Now then, shall I commence the ritual?











Saori (Arius Squad): Atsuko! No!


Misaki (Arius Squad): Are we out of time already?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): The sun h-hasn't even risen yet...!

Beatrice (Gematria): Ahahahahahaha!

Beatrice (Gematria): Was it fun, holding onto your little hope of "sunrise"? The royal blood's halo will be destroyed before she has the chance to ever lay eyes on the sun again.

Beatrice (Gematria): And with her death, I will rise as the most magnificent being to walk Kivotos!

Saori (Arius Squad): I'll never let you! Hime, I'm coming!

Mika (Tea Party): …

Beatrice (Gematria): Unfortunately, I don't feel like playing with you anymore.

Justina soldiers surround Squad and Mika

Beatrice (Gematria): Rise, Barbara, Justina's Saintess.

Beatrice (Gematria): Silence the Schale Sensei! Rip out their lying tongue!

<<Battle Sequence>>
When Beatrice's ritual begins, Seia enters another dream space. There, Seia encounters someone.

Seia (Tea Party): Where…?

Seia looks around

Seia (Tea Party): I've never been here... Based off the architecture, maybe...the Hyakkiyako district?


Black screen

???: Oh, do I have a guest?

SEX DEMON APPEARS


Seia (Tea Party): …!


???: I've never encountered another soul in here…

???: So, what brings you to this dream?

Seia (Tea Party): You can see me? Wh—Who are you?

???: …What am I seeing?

Seia (Tea Party): …

???: …

<<To be Continued>>










 20 - Saintess Barbara
The Arius Squad and Sensei have a harrowing fight against Saintess Barbara of the SaintJustina Council, created by Beatrice.

Barbara shrieks

Saori (Arius Squad): Ugh... That thing…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): H-How scary... It's stronger than anything we've ever encountered...even the artificial angels…

Misaki (Arius Squad): It's the Saintess of the Saint Justina Council. Her destructive power is tenfold the angels.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We don't stand a chance.

Gunfire

Saori (Arius Squad): Well, we'll have to try! It's coming!

<<Battle Sequence>>

<<To be Continued>>



















21 - Breakthrough
Mika sacrifices herself to protect Sensei and the Arius Squad from the Council. Leaving her behind, the rest rush forward to rescue Atsuko.

Mika (Tea Party): *pant* *pant*


Justina soldiers surround Mika

Black screen

Sensei: "Mika! Are you okay?"

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): ...I'll bait them away.

!?

Mika (Tea Party): Twin flames, remember? I get why you need to save Atsuko.

Mika (Tea Party): I was...the same way, you know.

Mika (Tea Party): So, go. Save her. I'm the only one strong enough to hold them off anyway.

Mika (Tea Party): S-Sensei... I'm sorry for being your worst student.

Mika (Tea Party): I'll never forget all that you did for me, all the chances you gave me.

Saori (Arius Squad): You…

Mika (Tea Party): Are you gonna waste my valiant sacrifice? Take Sensei and go, Saori!

…

Saori (Arius Squad): ...Don't die.

Sensei: "Mika, stay safe."

Mika (Tea Party): Don'tcha know, Sensei? I'm the Tea Party's brawn and muscle. I'll... I'll see you soon.

Mika runs away guns blazin

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): ...She doesn't listen to anyone.

Saori (Arius Squad): She'll be fine. Let's hurry.

<<Battle Sequence>>
The Arius Squad and Sensei arrive at the basilica sanctuary and confronting Beatrice.

Saori (Arius Squad): *pant* *pant*

Hiyori (Arius Squad): This is...a holy place…









Saori (Arius Squad): Hime!


Misaki (Arius Squad): She's unconscious.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): W-We have to help... Hime…

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): Finally. You've arrived, [NAME] Sensei.

Back to scene

Sensei: “Beatrice!”


Beatrice (Gematria): Heeheehee. Welcome.

<<To be Continued>>




22 - Agnus Dei
Beatrice asks Sensei to team up with her one last time, and Sensei promptly refuses. Beatrice is greatly angered by this and reveals her true colors.

Beatrice (Gematria): Have you come to save your precious student? What a pity. It's too late.

Saori (Arius Squad): …!












Beatrice (Gematria): With this ritual, I will harness the powers lurking outside Kivotos and elevate my existence! Of course, it wouldn't have been possible without the royal blood's sacrifice.

Beatrice (Gematria): Sensei, Sensei. You peculiar adversary.

Beatrice (Gematria): I do still believe you and I can come to an understanding.

Beatrice (Gematria): We're not so different. Each of us pursuing what we want, using the knowledge we have garnered in our lifetimes.

Beatrice (Gematria): Is it not an adult's duty to save this world? The more power you amass, the more capable you are of performing that duty.

Beatrice (Gematria): Yes! This ritual will make me into something greater than Kivotos has ever experienced!


Beatrice (Gematria): I will become the highest authority of this land and at last save this useless world! That is my duty as an adult!

Beatrice (Gematria): Who cares for the sacrifice of one little girl in the process?

Beatrice (Gematria): It is nothing in the face of the greater good!

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): This is sublime purpose! This is existence!

Back to scene

Beatrice (Gematria): Sensei, do you not relate to me? As their teacher, you too hold the absolute power to absolve or punish the students.

Sensei: “You’re wrong.”

Beatrice (Gematria): …?!

Sensei: "You've misunderstood entirely." / "I don't have such power."

Beatrice (Gematria): What are you saying?

Sensei: "I'm not a judge. I've never had the right to judge anyone."

Sensei: "I'm not a savior. I can't shield my students from pain."

Sensei: "I'm not an absolute. I can't scrub their sins from this world."

Beatrice (Gematria): …!


Sensei: "I'm not some higher authority."

Beatrice (Gematria): I cannot comprehend your existence!

Beatrice (Gematria): How can you explain your power? Your influence? The value your mere existence seems to bring?

Sensei: "I'm just a humble teacher."

Beatrice (Gematria): …!


Black screen

Sensei: "I only hold the power to believe in my students when they need it the most."

Back to scene

Beatrice (Gematria): Then prove it!

The scene shakes

Saori (Arius Squad): …!


Misaki (Arius Squad): What…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh... Oh, no…

Beatrice (Gematria): Behold! This is my greatness! I am the highest authority!

Beatrice (Gematria): I am a sublime being, meant to rule this world!

Sensei: "This is who you really are, Beatrice?"

Saori (Arius Squad): Madame's real identity…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): ...is just a monster…

Misaki (Arius Squad): This is what we've been fighting…

Sensei: "Saori. Hiyori. Misaki."

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Yeah!


Misaki (Arius Squad): …Okay.

Sensei: "Don't be afraid. I'm right here."

Saori (Arius Squad): ...I'm not scared of her.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Me neither. Let's go.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Y-Yeah! We're gonna save Hime!

Black screen

Sensei: "It's our last mission, Squad!"

<<Battle Sequence>>
Defeated by the strength of the Arius Squad and Sensei, Beatrice eventually orders all troops to gather at the basilica sanctuary.

Beatrice (Gematria): Arrrrgh! N-No! My manifestation...!

Beatrice (Gematria): How could this be? Was the ritual incomplete... My...power...!

Beatrice (Gematria): You ingrates! Insects! How dare you!

Beatrice (Gematria): Barbara, I summon you... No. I summon all the troops within the basilica!

Beatrice (Gematria): Come to me!.

Black screen with shrieking

Back to scene

Saori (Arius Squad): *pant* *pant*

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Sh-She's summoning more of the scary ghosts?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Ugh... We won't last long in our states…

Saori (Arius Squad): You can still stand, can't you? Pick up your weapons!

Saori (Arius Squad): Get to her, before reinforcements get here!

Beatrice (Gematria): Gather, my children! Protect your creator!

<<To be Continued>>











23 - Kyrie for the Students Part 1
Mika, who's been fighting enemies from the Council, is slowly becoming exhausted. She finds a schola cantorum in the Arius cathedral and gets lost in her thoughts. Mika recalls her faults from the past and confronts the Council while singing Kyrie Eleison.

Gunfire

Mika (Tea Party): *pant* *pant*

Mika (Tea Party): This...is the worst. Everything hurts.

Mika staggers while the screen turns black

Mika (Tea Party): But I'm not... I'm not done yet.

Footsteps

Mika (Tea Party): …

Mika (Tea Party): Is this a schola cantorum?

Mika (Tea Party): A pipe organ...sheet music... It must be.

Mika (Tea Party): A gramophone, too. It's funny to think that Arius must have had chapel class, just like us.

Mika tries to play the gramophone

Mika (Tea Party): Silly me. Of course it's not working. It's like, a thousand years old at this point.

Mika (Tea Party): …






Mika (Tea Party): *sigh*

Mika (Tea Party): Koharu, wasn't it so cool when Sensei showed up to save you?

Mika (Tea Party): Yeah, Koharu looked like a princess from a fairy tale that day. I like that kind of story.

Mika (Tea Party): A story where the main character shows up and rescues a despairing princess.

Mika (Tea Party): Maybe it's a little childish, but I think it's beautiful.

Mika (Tea Party): ...I wanted to be a princess, too.

Mika (Tea Party): Hah. But I've never heard of a witch who transforms into a princess.

Mika (Tea Party): It wouldn't be a fairy tale if the villain got the happy ending.

Mika (Tea Party): ...I sure did turn into a villain, huh? I'm sorry, Saori. I really thought it was only fair for you to suffer like I did.

Mika (Tea Party): But if I really think about…

Mika (Tea Party): I'm sure you just wanted to be saved.

Mika (Tea Party): You really are like me. You wanted to find happiness too.

Mika (Tea Party): Saori, I know why you're obsessed with Atsuko…

Mika (Tea Party): Even if you lied, cheated, and hurt everyone around you, it would all be okay if it meant saving your princess.

Mika (Tea Party): You thought maybe you could absolve yourself, just a little bit. Am I right?

Mika (Tea Party): I know because Seia and I both thought the same way.

Distant shriek

…

Mika (Tea Party): That's why I'm rooting for you, Squad.

Mika (Tea Party): I'll pray for your salvation.

Mika (Tea Party): Just as I desperately wish for my suffering to subside…

Mika (Tea Party): I hope yours does as well.

Mika (Tea Party): Just as I wish and pray and beg for a second chance.

Mika (Tea Party): I hope you get infinite chances.

Mika (Tea Party): I long to be forgiven…

Mika (Tea Party): ...so I forgive you.

Mika (Tea Party): I like that ending better than anything "fair."

Justina troops marching






Mika (Tea Party): Even if you save Atsuko, your future will be filled with suffering.

Mika (Tea Party): You'll be chased for the rest your life, wandering through dirty back alleys, living a cold, hungry, miserable life.

Mika (Tea Party): But if despite that…

Mika (Tea Party): If despite all that you truly believe you can find happiness in your future…

Mika (Tea Party): Save Atsuko. Save yourselves.

Mika (Tea Party): It's too late for me...but I weirdly believe you guys can do it.

Mika (Tea Party): Sensei will be by your side, whenever you need them.

Mika (Tea Party): Yeah... Sensei will help you through it.

Fade to black

Mika (Tea Party): I really do hope you find the answers to your questions.

Back to scene

The gramophone makes a noise

Mika (Tea Party): Huh?

Kyrie Eleison plays

Mika (Tea Party): The gramophone? How did it start working...?

Mika listens to the tune for a moment

Mika (Tea Party): Ah... A song of mercy.

Mika (Tea Party): I never did like this song very much.

Mika (Tea Party): Well, enough of my monologue.

Justina troops marching

Mika (Tea Party): Where are you going in such a hurry, huh? Do you have a class reunion or something?

Mika (Tea Party): I can't let you pass, unfortunately. Past here, the characters of a fairy tale are fighting for their salvation.

Mika (Tea Party): Villains like us aren't allowed to enter.

Mika (Tea Party): Okay, Sensei. Save those kids.

Mika (Tea Party): I'll guard this place, one way or another.











–Kyrie Eleison
–Kyrie Eleison















<<To be Continued>>








24 - Kyrie for the Students Part 2
Beatrice is taken aback by Kyrie Eleison resonating in the basilica sanctuary. When Barbara and her troops don‘t show up because of the song, Beatrice becomes very angry and tries to sacrifice Saori.

Beatrice (Gematria): …

Beatrice (Gematria): What is happening? Where are the reinforcements...?

Beatrice (Gematria): Where is Barbara? I summon you!

Kyrie Eleison plays

Beatrice (Gematria): …!


Hiyori (Arius Squad): This song…

Misaki (Arius Squad): This is...Kyrie Eleison?

Sensei: "Mika! It's Mika!"

Beatrice (Gematria): It cannot be!

Beatrice (Gematria): No! The song of mercy cannot play in my territory!

Beatrice (Gematria): This should be impossible! What trickery is this?

Beatrice (Gematria): I ensured the instruments and gramophones were broken. Is this a twisted miracle?

Beatrice (Gematria): I won't believe it. It must be a curse! Only hatred and contempt can echo within my halls.

Beatrice (Gematria): Every last one of you deserves to rot and suffer in this hell! You deserve no salvation!

Black screen

Sensei: “Shut up.”

Back to scene

!


Beatrice (Gematria): What did you say to me?!

Sensei: "Don't ever speak to my precious students again."

Beatrice (Gematria): …!!!

Sensei: "You lied to my students and hurt them." / "I will never forgive the pain you caused my students."

Beatrice (Gematria): How dare you speak to me this way!

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): ARGHHHH!!!

The scene shakes

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Sh-She's changing again?!

Beatrice (Gematria): I will not be defeated! Saori, come to your master!

Beatrice (Gematria): You will be the new sacrifice!

Saori (Arius Squad): …!


Beatrice (Gematria): You were the one who brought Sensei here! You must be punished!

…

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes, Madame.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): L-Leader?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): What in the seven hells do you think you're doing?

Saori (Arius Squad): My Arius Squad... I would sacrifice myself a thousand times over to make up for what I've done to all of you.

Saori (Arius Squad): Well, Madame? Come and get me!

Misaki (Arius Squad): That idiotic— Sensei! We have to go! Now!

Sensei: "We'll rid this world of Beatrice for good!"

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Yes! I'm ready!

Saori (Arius Squad): BEATRICE!!!

<<Battle Sequence>>
Beatrice is defeated by the Arius Squad and Sensei. The Arius Squad rescues Atsuko, who's been freed from Beatrice's ritual. Then Golconde, a member of Gematria, appears in front of them and disappears with Beatrice.
Beatrice (Gematria): Argh! Graaah!

Beatrice (Gematria): H-How...! Why...? My…

Beatrice (Gematria): My plan...my territory...my ritual…

Beatrice (Gematria): My...my...power!

Beatrice (Gematria): Ahhhh!

Beatrice falls 

Saori (Arius Squad): *pant*... *pant*... *pant*...

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-Is it...over?

!


Hiyori (Arius Squad): Ack! Is Hime okay?!

Saori (Arius Squad): Atsuko! No!

Misaki (Arius Squad): She's still up there. I don't know if she's…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Get her down! P-Please! Right now!

Black screen with running
























Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh no…














Saori (Arius Squad): Hime! Hime! Wake up! P-Please...wake up…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): H-Hime…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Her injuries... She's lost too much blood.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime... A-Atsuko... I'm sorry. I'm so sorry...so please, just open your eyes... I'll do anything…

Saori (Arius Squad): Don't...d-don't leave me. Hime...!

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Fade to black













Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori…?

Saori (Arius Squad): A-Atsuko! Yes! Yes, it's me!

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hime!


Hiyori (Arius Squad): H-Hime! Can you hear us?!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Good morning.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori, Hiyori, Misaki... I'm back.

Black screen




















Saori (Arius Squad): Welcome back, Atsuko. You're home.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Hi, Saori.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime. Y—You're alive. You're okay.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): I'm...right here.

Saori (Arius Squad): I can feel you in my arms, so I can believe it. Thank you... Thank you for surviving, Atsuko.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): You... You came for me. You saved me.

Saori (Arius Squad): *sob*


Atsuko (Arius Squad): No more tears, Saori. I'm safe...thanks to you.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Sensei...helped us?

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes. If it weren't for them…

Saori (Arius Squad): Thank you, Sensei. Everything's okay now, Saori. I can feel it.








Atsuko (Arius Squad): Yes. Everything is okay now.

Sensei: Go to Beatrice on the ground.

Beatrice (Gematria): U-Ugh…

Sensei: "It's over, Beatrice."

Beatrice (Gematria): I'll never be defeated...not by you...!

Beatrice (Gematria): You think you've won? All you did was disrupt my ritual, Sensei!

Beatrice (Gematria): I still have Barbara and the Arius troops! I still have Mimesis!

Beatrice (Gematria): Don't look down at me like that! You've won nothing! You think everything is over now?!

Black screen

???: Not everything, but it's time to close this little storybook.

Sensei: “...!”

Beatrice (Gematria): Golconde?!

Golconde (Gematria): Now, now. Let's skip the theatrics. I am terribly sorry if I surprised you. I am Golconde of Gematria.

Golconde (Gematria): Although introductions may be unnecessary, Sensei. We've met before. Maybe. Maybe not. Who knows!

Golconde (Gematria): Put those silly little weapons down. I'm only here to retrieve Madame.

Beatrice (Gematria): Me?!

Golconde (Gematria): I'm not in the business of picking a fool's fight! Not all Gematria can turn into monsters like Madame, after all.

Golconde (Gematria): And yes, yes. Madame, this was not your story to enter, and Sensei was not your rival. Even I can SEE that! Hahaha, get it?

Beatrice (Gematria): …!


Golconde (Gematria): The events, conflicts, and processes you started are now insignificant bygones.

Golconde (Gematria): My beautiful Madame. You aren't the main character nor the antagonist. Instead, look up the term "plot device" in the dictionary.

Beatrice (Gematria): U-Ugh...!

Golconde (Gematria): Sensei, wherever you intervene, you rewrite the story with your desired ending. If not for you, our poor Madame would have been successful.

Golconde (Gematria): Your chosen form of conflict resolution was believing in your students? A bit bland and overdone, if you ask me.

Sensei: “...”

Golconde (Gematria): Oh dear, oh dear. HaveI made you uncomfortable? That's ever so rude of me.

Golconde (Gematria): I'll return with Madame now. Please, stand up, Madame.

Black screen

Beatrice (Gematria): *cough* You're…

Sensei: “Wait…!”

Back to scene

Golconde (Gematria): Do you plan to stop me? I would strongly recommend against that, Sensei.

Golconde (Gematria): I can utilize various tools. The halo-destroying bomb you have is one of my creations.

Sensei: “...!”

Golconde (Gematria): Oh my, I wouldn't detonate it in this holy place. It wouldn't be effective against you at all. Not a tiny bit.

Golconde (Gematria): I never was able to confirm if it could successfully destroy a halo. Hm. I suppose I'll just throw it away.

Golconde (Gematria): Madame, your experiment has failed. Off we go.

Beatrice (Gematria): Golconde!!

Golconde (Gematria): Excuse us. I'll see you again, Sensei.

Beatrice and Golconde leave

<<To be Continued>>




































25 - Someone Special
After successfully rescuing Atsuko, Saori tells Sensei that she will pay for all her sins. However, Sensei tells her to focus on living her life and leaves to find Mika. Meanwhile, Mika is fighting against Barbara and the Council, but she reaches her limit and is about to give up. At that moment, Sensei appears to Mika's surprise. Sensei is furious with Barbara and the Council for hurting their student.

Sensei: "Is everyone okay?"

Misaki (Arius Squad): I can stand, at least.

Saori (Arius Squad): Yes…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-Is it really over?

Saori (Arius Squad): Beatrice…

Sensei: “She ran away.”

!

Saori (Arius Squad): She got away?

Sensei: "But she won't be able to hurt you anymore."

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Sensei, thank you for helping us.

Sensei: "I'm glad you're okay. Do you need your mask?"

Atsuko (Arius Squad): ...I think I'll be fine.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Madame was the one who gave me that mask.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): When I got caught in Azusa's bomb, some kind of a device protected my body. I believe it was from the mask.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): It must have been Madame's failsafe. To ensure I didn't die before the ritual.

Sensei: "Then you should wear it when you need it." / "A lot of people would be sad if you got hurt, Atsuko."

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): You're correct. I never want to have to hide my voice again...but I will keep myself safe.

Saori (Arius Squad): Okay. Sensei.

Saori (Arius Squad): We saved Hime. You can do whatever you need to now.

Sensei: "Whatever I need...?"

Saori (Arius Squad): I was the culprit behind everything... The Eden Treaty incident, the Seia and Nagisa attacks... Misaki, Hiyori, and Atsuko's pain... I'm responsible for all of it.

Saori (Arius Squad): The General Student Council, Trinity...or the Corrections Bureau... Send me wherever you think is fitting.

Misaki (Arius Squad): What are you saying, Saori?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): L-Leader?!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): This is a bad joke, Leader.

Saori (Arius Squad): No... I've done too much harm with no consequences.

Saori (Arius Squad): But I'm ready now. I want to take responsibility.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): L-Leader…

Sensei: “………” / "You're right. You‘re responsible for a lot, Saori."

Black screen

Sensei: "You've been responsible for protecting everyone around you, all this time."















Sensei: "You've been taking care of them, protecting them, and enduring the pain." / "You've shouldered that responsibility all by yourself."

Fade to black

Sensei: "You grew out of the concrete and had to adapt." / "You made horrible decisions and learned even worse lessons."

Sensei: "You're all delinquent students who've caused everyone trouble."

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: "But that doesn‘t mean you deserve to suffer."

Black screen

Sensei: "Kids deserve to make mistakes. Kids don't deserve hurt and pain." / "Adults like me are responsible for creating a world that hurt you."

Saori (Arius Squad): What are you saying? That's...!

Saori (Arius Squad): Then... What do I do? What am I supposed to do now, Sensei?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: "You're just supposed to live, Saori."

Saori (Arius Squad): Live...? I don't understand.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): I do. I think.

Saori (Arius Squad): Hime?


Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori, is there anything you want to do?

…

Saori (Arius Squad): Azusa said she liked learning and spending time with her friends.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Is there anything you want to try? What do you WANT to do, Saori?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Do you have a favorite food? You've never spoken of anything except protecting us.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): What do you want to be when you grow up? Do you have any dreams?

Saori (Arius Squad): I’ve never…

Saori (Arius Squad): I don't know... I've never thought about anything like that before…

Saori (Arius Squad): What I like? What I want? They're foreign concepts to me…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori, you're responsible, strong, and…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): A-And you're really good at teaching, even though you're kinda scary…

Misaki (Arius Squad): You never stop working and can come up with a plan in any situation. And you take so much initiative it exhausts me.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Sensei: "Hmm, I see. Then Saori could..."

Sensei: "...be a good teacher one day."

Saori (Arius Squad): …!


Hiyori (Arius Squad): L-Leader as a teacher?!

Misaki (Arius Squad): It is hard to imagine, isn't it?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Do you think so? I can see it perfectly.

Saori (Arius Squad): But I can't fathom having a future at all, let alone what I would do with it.

…

Saori (Arius Squad): I've never thought about life beyond surviving the current moment. I don't know what that means...to just live.

Saori (Arius Squad): I…

Saori (Arius Squad): Do I deserve...to dream of a future?

Sensei: "You need to find those answers on your own, Saori."

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Black screen

Sensei: "With that, it's time to say goodbye, Squad."

!?

Saori (Arius Squad): You're leaving? S-Sensei!

Sensei: "I'm sorry, but another student needs my help."

Saori (Arius Squad): W-Wait. I'm not ready…

Saori (Arius Squad): I… We…

…

Saori (Arius Squad): No, you’re right.

Saori (Arius Squad): I'll find the answer on my own.

Sensei: "I know you will, Saori. I‘ve always known."

Saori (Arius Squad): …!


Black screen with footsteps

Back to scene

Hiyori (Arius Squad): S-Sensei left so fast!

Misaki (Arius Squad): They went to go find Mika.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Mika is kinda...scary... Will Sensei be okay?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): They will be. Sensei was okay last time.

Saori (Arius Squad): Last time?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Yes, and every other time. Sensei will have a plan.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Beatrice and all her powers suppressing the Arius district have disappeared.

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Leader…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori? How are you feeling?

Saori (Arius Squad): I'm okay. I'm confused, and I don't really understand everything Sensei said yet.

Saori (Arius Squad): But for the first time in my life, I feel like it's okay for me to be alive.

Fade to black

Gunfire

Justina troops approaching

Black screen

Mika (Tea Party): *cough* *cough*

Back to scene

Mika (Tea Party): Ugh. I'm so not cute right now.

Mika (Tea Party): It hurts a lot, but at leastI made it to sunrise.

Mika (Tea Party): Atsuko was saved successfully by now, right?

Mika (Tea Party): With Sensei by their side, Saori and the rest must have had their happy ending.

Screech 

Mika (Tea Party): That's...good... What a relief…

Justina approaching

Mika (Tea Party): Yeesh, I guess this is it for me. I'm sorry, Sensei.

Mika (Tea Party): I really would've gone back with you, ifI had the chance.

Barbara screeches

Footsteps

Sensei: “Mika!”

Mika (Tea Party): S-S-Sensei...?!

Sensei: "I'm sorry I'm late. Did you wait long?"

Mika (Tea Party): It's really you. What are you doing here?!

Sensei: "Infinite chances, remember?"

Mika (Tea Party): …!


Sensei: "Whenever you're in danger, I'll come running."

Mika (Tea Party): B-But...I'm the villain here…

Mika (Tea Party): I don't deserve your mercy…

Mika (Tea Party): Did you think this through? How are you going to fight the Council?

Mika (Tea Party): I-I'm the strongest, and I couldn't do anything. It's honestly unfair, how strong they are.

Mika (Tea Party): You have to run, Sensei. I won't let you get hurt for me.

Sensei: "Mika, you really are a troublemaker."

Sensei: "But I won't abandon even my bad students." / "No teacher should turn away from a student in danger!"

!

Sensei: Take out your credit card.

Sensei looks at Barbara

Sensei: "How...how dare you..."

Fade to white

Sensei: "How dare you treat my precious student like that!" / "How dare you treat my precious princess like that!"

…

Mika (Tea Party): Wow…

<<Battle Sequence>>
Just as the Arius students are in a panic because they can't get in touch with Beatrice, Trinity forces suddenly pour out from the catacombs.

Arius Student A: What happened? Why can't we reach Madame?

Arius Student B: Emergency! The catacombs have been breached!

Arius Student B: Trinity forces are pouring out of the entrances!

Arius Student A: H-How is that possible?

Black screen with explosions

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): This way!

Justice Task Force Member B (Justice Task Force): Let’s go!




?!


Arius Student A: Wh-Who are you?!

Mine (Remedial Knights): So, this is the Arius district.

Mine (Remedial Knights): It's as Seia said. This place needed our aid, not repudiation.

Arius Student B: Stop right there!

Mine fucking kills them

Mine (Remedial Knights): Forgive me. I allowed my personal memories and feelings to impede my duties, all this time.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Serina, Hanae. Treat them.

Serina (Remedial Knights): Yes, Captain!

Mine (Remedial Knights): From here on out, your role is to quickly rescue and treat any enemies I injure.

Mine (Remedial Knights): Stay close behind me!

Serina (Remedial Knights): Captain…

Hanae (Remedial Knights): This is our motto: Mine destroys everything and her knights pick up the pieces! It's like self-generating infinite power!

Serina (Remedial Knights): I-I don't know ifI would call that a motto...or even a correct statement…

Mine (Remedial Knights): Remedial Knights! Remain diligent!

Mine (Remedial Knights): Go forth with faith and honor in your heart! Medicine knows no borders!

Mine (Remedial Knights): Charge! Liberate the Arius district and save Sense! and Mika!

Hanae (Remedial Knights): Yeah!

Serina (Remedial Knights): I can't believe we're on such a big mission at the break of dawn... Augh!

<<To be Continued>>






























26 - Our Future
While Sensei and Mika are fighting in Arius, other Trinity students work together to save them.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Stay sharp, everyone! Follow Seia's instructions or you'll be lost in the catacombs!

Justice Task Force Member A (Justice Task Force): Yes, ma'am!

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Ichika, please report. Did you find Sensei yet?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): *tchhhk* Yes, we've found Sensei! But Tsurugi is a bit... Well…

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): Tsurugi? Is she okay?

Fade to black and explosions 

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Tsurugi, please. That's a wall, not a door.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Ugh. Too late.

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): ...Kekekeke.

Tsurugi (Justice Task Force): Kyaaaaaak!!

Black screen and explosions 

Sensei: “Tsurugi…”

Mika (Tea Party): What is theJustice Task Force doing here?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Greetings, Sensei. I'm Ichika from theJustice Task Force.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): We met briefly at the Gourmet Research Society arrest, but never formally. I'm here to rescue you!

Sensei: "Thanks, Ichika. It's good to see you again."

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Heehee. Pleasure's all mine.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Hasumi, Ichika reporting in. We've secured Sensei and Mika.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): *tchhhk* Great job. Retreat to a safe zone as soon as possible. We've secured a route in the catacombs.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): All according to plan! Are you two ready? There's some people eagerly awaiting your safe return.

?

!

Nagisa (Tea Party): Sensei! Mika! Thank goodness you're unharmed.

Mika (Tea Party): Nagi?! How are you here? Am I dead?

Nagisa (Tea Party): You're certainly not. You are currently standing in the command center of the Arius reclamation operation.

Mika (Tea Party): But...how?! How did you get through the catacombs?

Black screen

Seia (Tea Party): I showed her the way.

Sensei: “Seia?!”

!?

Mika (Tea Party): S…

Mika (Tea Party): Seia…

Seia (Tea Party): You really are a dummy, Mika.

Seia (Tea Party): As usual, your impulsiveness ruined things. I've always said it was your worst trait.

Mika (Tea Party): And you're always such a meanie! But wh-what happened? Are you okay?

Seia (Tea Party): It's a bit of a long story.

Fade to white showing the SEX DEMON

Back to scene

Seia (Tea Party): I met someone in a dream.

Seia (Tea Party): It was a long journey but, to summarize, I made a deal and escaped Beatrice's grasp.

<<Flashback sequence>>

Hanae (Remedial Knights): Seia…?!

Seia (Tea Party): *cough* *cough*

Serina (Remedial Knights): C-Captain! Seia... Seia is...!

Seia (Tea Party): Please... I need Nagisa... And bring the Sisterhood and the Justice Task Force here. Hurry.

Hanae (Remedial Knights): What? O-Okay! If you say so!

Seia (Tea Party): There's no time. Sensei and Mika are in grave danger.

<<End of flashback>>

Seia (Tea Party): As soon as I woke up, I asked for the Sisterhood, the Remedial Knights, and the Justice Task Force.

Seia (Tea Party): During that talk, Nagisa swore she would abdicate all her authority if we could just save you, Mika.

<<Flashback sequence>>

Nagisa (Tea Party): I beg of you to help me. Please save Mika.

Seia (Tea Party): I implore you as well.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): …

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): This is…

Mine (Remedial Knights): Raise your heads, Nagisa. Seia. You need not bow to us.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I understand Mika's situation. But also, Seia, I'm relieved to see you recovered. What happened?

Seia (Tea Party): It's...a long story…

Mine (Remedial Knights): ...Understood.

Mine (Remedial Knights): I will not pry. For now.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): More importantly, Sensei's safety is the priority. The Sisterhood will support this operation.

Hasumi (Justice Task Force): There are many students at Trinity who owe Sensei, including me. They'll be glad to help.

Seia (Tea Party): Thank you. And please, stay safe.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): This is all I know of the catacombs' changing patterns.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): This couldn't have been easy. Thank you, Azusa.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): But...are you sure I can't go too?

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Then who will greet Sensei when we return victorious?

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): And our reputation wouldn't last long if we need the Make-Up Work Club's help again...especially from you, for this particular mission.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Even Hanako is staying behind to support us the best way she can.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Trust in us.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): O-Okay.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): U-Umm…

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): It's okay. What would you like to say?

…

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Please save Atsuko.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): If I know Sensei, Atsuko is already safe. And we'll make sure to keep Sensei safe.

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Thank you. And...I hope everyone else can be saved too.

Sakurako (The Sisterhood): Even though they pointed their guns at you? At your friends?

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): Even so. They may be villains who‘ve committed heinous crimes…

Black screen

Azusa (Make-Up Work Club): But they were my family.

Ui (Library Committee): U-Ugh... Do you know what time it is right now?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yes. It's so early that not even the birds are awake. Now let's search that map, Ui.

Ui (Library Committee): Wait a second... What are you wearing?

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Oh, this? I was taking a walk...I mean, I was swimming when I heard the message.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I don't think this is it. Let's go to the next page.

Ui (Library Committee): Which one is it? Were you swimming or talking a walk?

!

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Wait! Here it is! The old map of the catacombs left by that ancient council!

Ui (Library Committee): Th-This page? It's about to crumble apart...and it's badly faded…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): Yes, that's whyI came to see you, Ui. You're the Magician of the Old Library.

Ui (Library Committee): Ughhh, argh…

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): You can restore it, right? Time is of the essence.

Hanako (Make-Up Work Club): I know you can do it, Kozeki! I'll help you in every way possible! ♡

Ui (Library Committee): Ugh... How did I get involved in this?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Move, move! We don't have a moment to spare!

Justice Task Force Members: Yes, ma'am!

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Umm…

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Huh? You're...Koharu?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Y-Yes! I-I'm also from the Justice Task Force...but I'm in the Make-Up Work Club right now, so I'm not allowed to go.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Do you think you could give these to a high-ranking person in the Tea Party for me? Please?

Koharu gives something to Ichika

Ichika (Justice Task Force): What are these? A ribbon and some accessories?

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): They belong to someone from the Tea Party. They were in the Justice Task Force's contraband storage.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Oh, I understand now. They're Mika's, aren't they?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): I heard they were stolen and burned by angry students. I guess what the Justice Task Force recovered got mixed in with the confiscated items.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Technically, yes. I was secretly taking items that were in decent condition. I know I'm not supposed to do that, but…

Ichika (Justice Task Force): ...I see. Okay, Koharu.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): I'll give them to Mika.

Koharu (Make-Up Work Club): Really? Thank you!

Koharu runs away

<<End of flashback>>

Mika (Tea Party): Everyone…

Seia (Tea Party): We can't rely on Sensei for everything. Every relationship should go both ways.

Seia (Tea Party): So, we came here on our own to save you, Mika.

Mika (Tea Party): You really are such a narcissist! You make everything sound so self-important and complicated!


?

Mika (Tea Party): I've always wanted to say that out loud to you!

Mika (Tea Party): But you know what? I like you a whole lot, Seia.

Seia (Tea Party): …?


Mika (Tea Party): And Nagi! Are you kidding me? She brought tea all the way to the Arius District?

?

Mika (Tea Party): Is she a tea addict? Does she have a serious problem?

Mika (Tea Party): ButI like Nagi more than anything, tea and all.

Nagisa (Tea Party): I don't know how to feel about that statement.

Nagisa (Tea Party): …?


Mika (Tea Party): You guys are my favorite.

Mika (Tea Party): Thank you for coming for me. And I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika…

Seia (Tea Party): Stop, Mika. I'm the one who owes you an apology.

Seia (Tea Party): All this time, I told myself I was waiting for the perfect moment to apologize.

Seia (Tea Party): But in reality, I was being immature. I was avoiding it.

Seia (Tea Party): Mika. When you told me you wanted to reconcile with Arius—

Mika (Tea Party): It's okay, Seia. You didn't do anything wrong.

Mika (Tea Party): It's all my fault. I'm just so sorry.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Mika…

Seia (Tea Party): Mika…

Ichika (Justice Task Force): I'm sorry for crashing the reunion, but I have something for you, Mika.

Mika (Tea Party): You do? For me?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Here.

Mika (Tea Party): This…

Mika (Tea Party): My accessories?! How do you have these? I thought they were burned with everything else!


Ichika (Justice Task Force): There was a member in charge of the contraband storage…

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Ugh, how do I explain this...?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): That student collected the accessories that didn't burn and hid them away.

Mika (Tea Party): Koharu…?

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Yes, it was Koharu.

Ichika (Justice Task Force): Woah! You know who Koharu is?

Mika (Tea Party): ...Yes, I do.

Mika (Tea Party): Tell her I say thank you. I can't believe she did this, even though I always bullied her.

Seia (Tea Party): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Sensei: "I'm sure you have a lot to talk to each other about."

Seia (Tea Party): I would say so.

Nagisa (Tea Party): But for now, I believe we all have a hearing to attend.

Seia (Tea Party): Yes.

Mika (Tea Party): W-Wait. You want me to go to my hearing looking like this?

Mika (Tea Party): Can I take a shower first? I want treatment for my wounds and to get my hair done. With a fancy curler!

…

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): Yes, Mika. You may have the fancy curler as well.

Nagisa (Tea Party): Yes, and then all three of us will go to the hearing together. Although, we all look a bit of a mess.

Sensei: "I'm coming too."

Nagisa (Tea Party): Yes, of course. All of us promised Mika we would attend, didn't we?

<<To be Continued>>















27 - Epilogue
As the Arius Squad is escaping the Arius district, they realize that Saori has suddenly disappeared. The remaining three resolve to continue moving forward. Meanwhile, Mika's hearing finally begins.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): I-I've never gone this way before…

Hiyori (Arius Squad): What if it takes us somewhere horrible?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): We won't know until we try, Hiyori.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): From now on, every path we take is an unknown.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): ...That doesn't make it less scary.

?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …Huh?


Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wh-Where's Leader?!

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Huh?

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Wasn't she behind us?! She disappeared! Maybe she was eaten…

Misaki (Arius Squad): …Tsk.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Misaki…?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Leader left.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Left?! What do you mean l-Ieft? How could she leave? Where'd she go?

Misaki (Arius Squad): I don't know. She just said to take care of the others.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): But why? Leader…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): …

Misaki (Arius Squad): It's unfair, Saori. If I have to do this on my own... I…

Misaki (Arius Squad): It's too heavy for me.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): It'll be okay, Misaki.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hime!


Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori will need some time.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): She needs to learn who she is, to reflect on her questions.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): She'll find the answers she needs on her own.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): B-But...will she come back? I miss her already…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Of course. She would never abandon us.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): So we have to keep going on our own? Without her?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Saori has taken care of us all these years. We owe her this much.

Misaki (Arius Squad): But how?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Where do we go?

Misaki (Arius Squad): Arius, Trinity, Gehenna... We're not welcome anywhere.

Misaki (Arius Squad): We'll be on the run. Never staying in one spot too long to avoid capture.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Are you prepared for that life, Hime?

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Yes. I was prepared the moment we decided to live.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Hiyori (Arius Squad): Oh no…

Misaki (Arius Squad): Hime. Ideals won't feed an empty stomach.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): I know. But we can do it.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Wildflowers bloom through cracks in the concrete.
Atsuko (Arius Squad): Azusa said that to me once.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): We will continue struggling, even if it is in vain.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): If Azusa did it, so can we. We've been through a lot together.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): And this time, we're not entirely alone.

Hiyori (Arius Squad): …Sensei.

Misaki (Arius Squad): …Okay.

Misaki (Arius Squad): Somehow…

Atsuko (Arius Squad): Yes. We have our work cut out for us.

Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): …

…

Saori walks away

Black Market Officer: Heeheehee. What's your story, newbie? No one ends up here without one.

Black Market Officer: Not the talkative type? Eh, I don't care either way as long as you're skilled. What kind of request you looking for? Easy or hard?

Saori (Arius Squad): Give me an expensive mission. The hardest one you have.

Fade to black

Saori (Arius Squad): (I'm a criminal on the run now. I know it won't be easy.)

Saori (Arius Squad): (But there has to be an end to the road of pain I've walked all these years.)

Saori (Arius Squad): (Is there a happy future for us if I reach it?)



Atsuko (Arius Squad): We'll have our happy ending.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): I have faith in the wildflower blooming in concrete.

Atsuko (Arius Squad): I have faith in you, Saori.






































Mika (Tea Party): …

Nagisa (Tea Party): …

Seia (Tea Party): …

Fade to black

Seia (Tea Party): Sensei. I'm unable to have prophetic dreams anymore.

Seia (Tea Party): That was the price I paid to escape my neverending dream.

Seia (Tea Party): I have to discuss my last prophetic dream with you.























Seia (Tea Party): One day, though.

Seia (Tea Party): Right now, I want to remember this moment.

Seia (Tea Party): We've all finally been reunited.

Seia (Tea Party): And, as always, we will work together to overcome any obstacle.

Back to scene

Sensei: "Okay, let‘s start the hearing."







































Saori (Arius Squad): This isn't what I'm owed!

Black Market Officer: Hm? I don't follow.

Saori (Arius Squad): What's with this? This isn't even half of what I was promised!

Black Market Officer: You're the one who broke our promise.

Black Market Officer: It says right here on the contract, student pay is a thousand yen.

Black Market Officer: But you hid the fact you were a dropout, so it's five hundred yen.

Saori (Arius Squad): What? Wait, that's…

Black Market Officer: This is the calculation after subtracting taxes, various expenses, and meals. Any problems?

Black Market Officer: Also, it looks like you're wanted. Wouldn't you get in trouble if anyone knew you were here?

Black Market Officer: I'll have to deduct an additional fifteen percent as an information protection cost.

Saori (Arius Squad): What? Wait, then...how much do I get...?

Keyboard clicking

Black Market Officer: Zilch. Nada. Nothing.

Black Market Officer: The exit is right that way.

Black Market Officer: Do you have any complaints? I'm sure you could direct them to the Valkyrie Police Academy.

…

Saori (Arius Squad): ...No, I get it.

Saori (Arius Squad): I'll consider this lesson learned.

Knocking

?


Haruka (Problem Solver 68): E-Excuse me.

Black Market Officer: Oh, you're...the one I gave the commission to last time...?!

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): Oh, yes, yes... U-Umm... I forgot something…

Black Market Officer: Forgot something? But we've already finished the calculations.

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): U-um, right. S-So…

…

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): F-Forgive…

Black Market Officer: Forgive?

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): I won’t forgive you!!!

Black screen and haruka fucking kills the guy

Black Market Officer: UNFORGIVABLE!!! 

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): How dare you steal Aru's money?! I'll never forgive you! I'll make you wish you'd never been born!

Haruka absolutely fucking kills him

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): Eek.

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): A-Aru said I should go and make my point...to do the calculations correctly…

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): I-I thinkI made my point...?

Saori (Arius Squad): …

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): O-Oh! I didn't know there was someone else here!

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): I-I'm so sorry for the commotion! I'm sorry f-for existing!

Saori (Arius Squad): ...It's not a big deal.

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): O-Okay! Th-Then I have some bombs to install... Bye!

Saori (Arius Squad): Is this how the criminal world operates?

Aru (Problem Solver 68): Wh-What?!

Haruka (Problem Solver 68): I-I'm sorry.... I'm sorry. I just don't know how to do anything right. I'm sorry for upsetting you. Do you want me to disappear? I should never have been born.

Kayoko (Problem Solver 68): *sigh*

Mutsuki (Problem Solver 68): Ahahahaha! You're really the best, Haruka! You definitely made your point!

Mutsuki (Problem Solver 68): Those were some big, bad guys you blew up. Whatcha gonna do now, huh?

Kayoko (Problem Solver 68): This is gonna be a pain. Can we have one day of peace?

…

Fade to black

<<END OF CHAPTER>>
