 …save the world
 I’ve been waiting for you
 In the beginning, the Celestials and Demons…
 …
 Cut! Cut!
 This is way too cliche! It’s so lame right off the bat!
 If i bought a game that started this lame I’d be returning it before i even got an hour
 In !
 Let’s go again! Ahem.
 I’ve been waiting for you, warrior.
 I am the goddess known as Momoria.
 Our world, millenneapolis, is now on the brink of an unprecedented crisis.
 You are the only one who can overcome this crisis and save the Game
 Development Department…I mean, Millenneapolis.
 This may be a difficult truth to accept, but I beg of you.
 The adventure ahead will be difficult.
 You may face untold trials and hardship…
 …but, please, don’t lose courage.
 Your maidens will always be by your side.
 You are more than just a warrior to the young ladies of this new world.
 Thy will call you by a title even more special.
 That great title is…
 Sensei!
 [???]
 Wow! Sensei’s eyes are open!
 Allow me to explain it to you myself.
 …
 *whir*
 Circumstances unknown
 Attempt conversation. Please explain
 Sense of self, memory, and purpose not found. No data available.
 Negative. The offensive capabilities of this unit cannot be activated when in contact with approved subject.
 Answer not found. This is presumably the first occurrence of deep consciousness for this unit. Answers unknown
 ???
 [Millenium Game development Department]
 ???
 *munch*
 Please confirm Aris as the designated name for this unit.
 …
 Confirmed.
 …I’m here.
 *creak*
 Who goes there?!
 I don’t know where Asuna is, but don’t worry, Akane.
 I’ve got the Game Development Department exactly where I want them.
 You sure about that?
 My calculations say otherwise. In fact, Your chances of hitting are zero percent.
 I do believe introductions are in order.
 Wow! You finally made it!
 What kept you?
 U-Um, excuse me!
 Hey, isn't this the Millennium Game Development Department? The one that made the Tales Saga Chronicle alpha?
 What?!
 Why would you do that?! You can’t just drop a fun game during alpha!
 I wanted to know what happens next! Don’t get me excited for nothing.
 I love Tales Saga Chronicle!
 It’s true. I played it all night long!
 Yeah, you were right next to me the whole time. And you don’t even like games!
 Well, the characters were so cute that I…
 Anyway, excuse us!
 *click*
 I don't think so.
 It was all my fault.
 My decisions, and everything they caused.
 It had come to this for me to finally realize that you were right all along…
 So forgive me for being so bold, but I must ask for your help
 [NAME] Sensei.
 You’ll forget these words, but it won’t matter.
 Even without your memories, you’ll probably make the same decision in the same situation…
 Therefore, I believe what matters most are the choices we make, not the experiences we have.
 There are choices only you can make.
 I’ve spoken of responsibility before.
 I didn’t truly understand it then, but now I do.
 Adulthood, responsibility, obligation…and the choices you make that extend beyond those ideals.
 I even understand their implications
 …
 Therefore, Sensei…
 …you’re the only one I can trust.
 Only you can free us from this twisted, distorted fate…
 …and find the choices that will lead us to a new reality
 So, Sensei. Please…
 You fell asleep after I asked you to wait here. I even had some trouble waking you up… I didn’t expect you to be so sound asleep.
 You must be having a dream. Anyway, gather yourself and focus…
 Let me explain the current situation again.
 Zzz…
 Zzz…
 Castella cake… Banana milk…goes better than strawberry milk…
 Zzz…
 Heehee… There’s so much left…
 Shake her awake / Poke her cheek.
 *shake* / *poke*
 Huh…?
 H-Huh?!
 *stands up*
 *shuffles*
 *yawning* What’s going…on?
 Huh…?
 Uh… Huh? Wha…?!
 S-Sensei?!
 If you’re here, does that mean you’re [NAME] Sensei?!
 What? So I'm right? What time is it?!
 Wait. Calm down…
 Um, so… Oh, that’s right! I forgot to introduce myself!
 Huh?
 <*screech*>
 …
 Hmm…
 …
 Are you okay?
 …
 Is this the best an organized crime group can do? Providing them with a tactical tank was a waste.
 You'd think a gang of students would be able to handle some other students. In that case, I'll simply have to enlist the services of more skilled professionals.
 <*ring* *ring*>
 <*click*>
 Hello. Problem Solver 68. We'll do the crime if you've got the dime.
 I have a special task for you, my dear fixers.
 …
 [Kata-Kata Helmet Gang's Base]
 Hmph. All clear on this end.
 All done over here too, Boss.
 Heh heh heh.
 *presses rifle against her*
 Please. And you call this dirty, stinking lair your base? You lot are pathetic.
 Oh, well. I'll put you out of your misery—don't worry.
 Relax. We're just here to tell you that you've been relieved of your duties. We'll be taking Abydos off of your hands now.
 …
 Problem Solver 68.
 We'll do the crime if you've got the dime.
 Camera pans out
 The best fixers in all of Kivotos.
 <*door opens*>
 a mega-syndicate known as the Kaiser Corporation. Confronted with such a seemingly insurmountable societal evil, the dejected students of the Foreclosure Task Force call it a day.
 [Abydos Foreclosure Task Force Club Room]
 <Everyone, including Hifumi, gathered to review the documents upon returning to Abydos High School.>
 <*smaaash*>
 Ah, you're here.
 Is that so?! I see how it is, you punks!
 ?
 Enough of your lies, Amau Ako.
 What’s all this, now? What a mess.
 *Stepping sounds, Hoshino slowly appears*
 Ta-da!
 Look, Hoshino! I was finally able to get my hands on this old Abydos Desert Festival poster!
 The oasis used to be as big as a lake! Here, you can have it as a souvenir!
 Isn’t it awesome? People might start coming back here again with a miracle. Wouldn’t that be something?
 O-Ow…
 S-Sorry, Hoshino… I feel like such an idiot.
 What are you idiots doing?
 And eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Forsake mercy and walk the path of chaos.
 *The shadows are revealed and omg it’s Problem Solver 68. The audience claps*
 Ugh. I’m here…
 Serika	Oh! You’re Hifum-
 Faust	N-No! I’m not Hifumi! I’m Faust!
 Hey. Hoshino.
 There’s something I want to say.
 I had to pinch my cheek to make sure I wasn’t dreaming when we first met.
 I couldn’t have been more thankful to have an underclassman that was so cute and reliable by my side.
 I’ve never had a way with words, but if I had to explain it…
 …I would say that spending time with you feels like a miracle.
 I know that, but…
 Well…no. Not always, Hoshino. That’s what I believe.
 There are a lot of things about life I don’t understand, but this I’m sure of.
 One day, Hoshino, you’re going to have cute underclassmen of your own. And when you do…
 She should be on the other side!
 It’s not breaking. Try one more time…
 *Another loud explosion*
 A-Ayane?! How did you…?
 I got on a helicopter on loan from Schale! Anyway, where’s Hoshino?
 Here! Help us get the door open!
 HAAAAAAAA!
 *BANG* (Another loud explosion, now it breaks walls)
 I believe I can help with that.
 People are transient in nature. Much like the wind, they come
 and they will leave.
 You must not allow your inner peace to be disquieted over
 such an insignificant event.
 If they do not leave, however, they must learn to coexist with us. They must embrace our ideals of non-possession and find release from the worldly desires of society.
 Tell me. Do you believe they will be able to be enlightened, to commit to our noble cause?
 Oh dear. It appears our new-found visitors are a group of gluttonous goblins.
 Silhouette appears
 Very well, Comrades. Take up your arms.
 Let us teach these immoral, greedy gluttons…
 A lesson on the joys of non-possession!
 <<To be Continued>>
 09 - A Suspicious Shadow
 While shopping at a market near the park, Sensei hears from Kirino that there are suspicious, heavily-armed homeless people nearby. Just when Sensei is thinking they must be exaggerated rumors about the RABBIT Squad, the unidentified homeless group kidnaps Sensei.
 [Market near Kousagi Park]
 (I was out at a nearby market to shop for some supplies for
 Schale.)
 Is that you, Sensei?
 Kirino appears
 …
 A silhouette appears
 …Hey, you.
 Are you [NAME] Sensei?
 I’ve got a bone to pick with you.
 Will you come with me?
 A sound of a bottle spraying
 You’re finally awake.
 A robot hippie appears
 I do apologize for the poor hospitality of my comrades.
 We don’t often deal with guests, you must understand.
 You don’t mean us, I hope.
 It’s unexpected, but not surprising.
 We’ll keep a close eye on them.
 <<To be Continued>>
 13 - The Fox and the Inarizushi
 Around lunchtime, Sensei finds a lone street vendor selling inarizushi near the park. The part-time student tells Sensei about many rumors surrounding the SRT Academy, including the redevelopment of Kousagi Town. Afterwards, Sensei goes to the park and shares inarizushi with the squad members while discussing future distribution plans.
 (Before heading to the RABBIT Squad, I visited a nearby town to grab a meal.)
 [Town near Kousagi Park]
 (But for some reason, not a single eatery in town was open.)
 Heeheehee. Have you silly gooses forgotten about me?
 ?
 *pant* *pant* Help me!
 ?
 Descartes appears
 Did you know? When wild animals are in danger, they’ll run towards the strongest leader in the area.
 …You again.
 Hm… A-Ahem!
 ?
 ...That again?
 Do you have time for your petty games? You should be trying to recruit more trustworthy colleagues.
 Are you there, Sensei?
 Open the door.
 You’re late.
 How are the preparations coming along?
 Yurizono Seia?
 You…were?
 Does that mean you know what I’m going to do now?
 Then why didn’t you run away?
 No, but I know how to… I’ve been taught.
 A halo will shatter if they’re wounded gravely enough, over and over.
 A student in Kivotos could be shot with a dozen 5.56mm rounds and it still wouldn’t cause a fatal wound…
 …but with enough ammunition, time, and tactical superiority, destroying a halo with just a firearm isn’t impossible.
 If someone is made to go without food or water for long enough, is suffocated for an extended period of time, loses enough blood, suffers from hypothermia, or other types of illness…
 All are sufficient ways to destroy one’s halo.
 As I understand it, you’re practically frail as well, Yurizono Seia.
 Under most circumstances, but I’m short on time and don’t have the tactical advantage right now.
 That’s why I brought this bomb. I can destroy your halo immediately with this.
 Naturally. A school is a place to be taught. That’s what I’m there to learn. Isn’t that right?
 …
 *The scene changes to an image of Azusa, sitting alone on a white space*
 It was a funny fantasy, thinking we were ever really friends.
 *Monologuing ends*
 … nsei!
 Please stop!
 Hanae and Serina appear!
 Flash grenade incoming!
 Screen goes white [My Eyes have been destroyed]
 RAAAAAA…
 No. Not yet.
 Who are you calling fake?!
 The Masked Swimsuit Gang ⭐ appears
 I see.
 So the one with royal blood has chosen to flee.
 We can’t have that. Capture her and bring her back See to it that she isn’t hurt.
 The others are disposable.
 Indeed. You’re welcome to shatter their halos.
 <<Chapter End>> U-Um... Excuse me!
 Ahhh!
 How many did you set? I hope there aren't mo—
 Multiple bombs set off
 Ahhh!
 Are you there, Sensei?
 Oh?
 That’s [NAME] Sensei, the advisor of Schale.
 Hina appears
 The fated day has changed, Azusa.
 Tomorrow morning. Wait for further orders at the agreed point.
 *sigh*
 This isn't me…
 All I want to do is…
 Fade to black
 Having trouble sleeping?
 Yes. I have.
 Of course there isn't.
 A dark figure appears
 Over there!
 Don’t let them get away!
 Shooting and running
 It’s a dead end! What about the other way?
 There are no exits. We’re completely surrounded.
 Ugh…
 (static) Hmm.
 (static) …I see. You have my word.
 (static) My name? Why would I do that?
 (static) …I swear on my name, Beatrice, visionary of all pilgrims.
 Let’s move on to the next agenda.
 But of course!
 I don’t disagree, but there’s something I want to confirm first.
 GRAAAAAAAH.
 Whatever COULD it mean, little one?
 Back to scene
 Justina troops surround Squad
 …I did it! I really had to control the power so Sensei wouldn’t get sucked in!
 Saori puts on her mask
 Oh, do I have a guest?
 SEX DEMON APPEARS
 I've never encountered another soul in here…
 So, what brings you to this dream?
 …What am I seeing?
 …
 <<To be Continued>>
 20 - Saintess Barbara
 The Arius Squad and Sensei have a harrowing fight against Saintess Barbara of the SaintJustina Council, created by Beatrice.
 Barbara shrieks
 Not everything, but it's time to close this little storybook.
