 you say that, but I’m still having a hard time believing it.
 I know of Millennium’s Game Development Department.
 They seem like such cute, innocent girls. you really think they intend on attacking the Student Council?
 Veritas? Those Hackers?
 I see. Well, it is our job to respond to requests
 However, there is one little problem.
 …
 [Millennium - Veritas]
 That’s right. I believe she’s out on personal business in the outskirts of Millenium.
 But you needn’t worry.
 Our president is, well, let’s just say she’s much fit for destroying, rather than protecting.
 C&C is a strong fighting force when we’re with our president.
 But if the job is to protect something…we may be better off without her.
 As such, we’ll accept your request.
 Until the deadline given to the Game Development Department, all access to the Student Council’s contraband storage is off-limits.
 …
 [Millennium - Veritas]
 I do have one thing I'm curious about, Yuuka.
 How do you know the Game Development Department and Veritas will attack the Student Council?
 When it comes to information warfare, I didn't think there was anyone at Millennium who could surpass Veritas.
 What?
 So this must be Aris
 She’s. So. Cute. Can I keep her? I just want to scoop her up and train her to become our sixth maid agent.
 Which means they have no means of escape, correct? All right, then. I’m on it.
 But of course.
 After all, welcoming guests with a smile is a maid’s most basic duty.
 [Millennium - Veritas]
 (Two hours ago…)
 Not at all. You’re exactly where you’re supposed to be.
 Welcome. I’ve been waiting for you.
 As you’ve no doubt already realized. Your plan has failed.
 I’m C&C’s callsign Zero-Three. My real name is confidential, so you can just call me the Beautiful Maid of Mystery.
 Phooey. What’s the point of maintaining a secret agency if everyone knows about it? Does this mean I should stop playing the mysterious heroine?
 S-S-Stop right there! The fact you even know something like that is a huge problem!
 You’d better keep that info to yourself, Momoi. You too, Midori!
 ?
 I beg your pardon?
 Wh-Who are you?!
 But you're not with the Game Development Department… What is…?!
 Yuuka! What is the meaning of this?
 Wh-What? Then…can it be?!
 That means…
 …the feed we’ve been watching until now was…?!
 [Millenium Passageway]
 I wonder if they’ve figured out that the security footage is pre-recorded.
 Hey, now! The shutters are dropping. Wait, you don't think…?!
 *thunk*
 Oh, dear…
 No matter. Unlike you all, I can easily escape from here.
 All I have to do is put my finger here, and I’ll be free, while you are trapped here… *beep*
 …Huh?!
 No, wait!
 *rummmble thunk*
 [Millennium Main Control Room]
 Come in, command! This is callsign Zero-Three, and I’m trapped in area A-11! Requesting response from callsign Zero-One! Do you copy?
 AHHH! Asuna! Where the hell are you?! Turn your comm on, for crying out loud!
 *beep beep*
 Connecting. New Message…
 *sigh* Normally, I wouldn’t condone destruction of school property.
 My apologies for destroying the shutters, Yuuka. What’s the Game Development Department’s current location?
 It must be contraband storage where the Mirror is being kept. Understood. I’ll take the elevator and intercept.
 *beep*
 (Lights out)
 …?!
 Y-Yuuka?
 They cut the power?!
 they’d really go to such lengths…?
 [Millennium Main Corridor]
 Understood. I’ll use those robots to sweep the Game Development Department.
 [Millennium Main Hallway]
 *huff puff* …Phew, barely made it. Why am I so out of breath…? Ugh, Could it really be my weight…? N-No way! C-Couldn’t be!
 Ha. We’ve reached the end of the line.
 Pleased to make your acquaintance, Momoi, Midori.
 You should know that despite our reservations, Maki and Kotori still have a chance of being forgiven.
 But anyone who’s come this far is beyond forgiveness.
 Also…
 Hmm?
 Gah!
 A-Asuna?! Are you okay?!
 I’m sure you’ll be fine.
 Karin! Status update! What was that laser…?
 …Karin? Karin?! She hasn’t provided support in a while!
 *boom*
 A light? It’s coming from the roof!
 [Millennium Institute 2 Rooftop]
 Ah! We can’t let them escape!
 …Are you sure you’re in pain? More importantly, Karin stopped shooting. Do you think something happened?
 They’re not going anywhere.
 Asuna, step back.
 Now engaging the enemy!
 >>Battle<<
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 16 | Just One Step Forward!
 [Millennium Student Council Contraband Storage]
 …
 I have no excuse.
 It was I who accepted the request and made the preparations.
 My failure has tarnished the Maid Club’s reputation. I’m Sorry.
 I beg your pardon?
 But why?
 They were testing us?
 Sorry? Look into what now?
 Hm? Why? Oh–for revenge?
 That sounds perfect. I imagine right now they’re celebrating how they managed pull one over on the Maid Club.
 Heehee. I Can't wait to see the look on their faces when we pay them a visit.
 [Millennium Game Development Department]
 Wow, someone’s brave enough to call Neru little to her face.
 That was amazing!
 The wall was completely obliterated!
 Do you think she’s okay> Could she be buried in the rubble?
 Hmm. Millennium only has a few infirmaries, so finding her shouldn’t take long.
 I understand. Though, I am a little worried.
 Given that their group is full of nothing but little girls, I wonder if Sensei…
 All right!
