 *crackle* I can answer that.
 Greetings, Abydos students. My name is Ako, and I'm the senior administrator of Gehenna Academy's Prefect Team.
 I'd like to take a moment to explain what's going on, if you don't mind.
 Iori, the template for apology letters is in the left-hand drawer of my desk. Understood?
 (Talking through hologram)
 Please! You make it sound much more glamorous than it truly is.
 I’m nothing more than a supportive secretary to the head prefect.
 …
 A very astute observation! Let’s see… You must be Sunaookami Shiroko.
 Rumor has it, Abydos’ student council were the only ones remaining in the district. I suppose that must be all of you.
 From what I understand, there’s supposed to be five Abydos student council members. It would seem you’re missing one of your ranks.
 Okurosa, right? Are there no student council members present? I’d like to speak with the student council, if you please.
 Oh…
 My apologies. All units, lower your weapons.
 *click*
 *click* *clack*
 Allow me to apologize for my colleagues’ reckless misuse of force.
 Were your orders to blindly engage using indiscriminate bombardment right from the start?
 Does it not go without saying that certain precautions are to be taken when operating within the district of another academy?
 Again. My sincere apologies to the Foreclosure Task Force.
 The Gehenna Prefect Team was mobilized to take specific individuals who have violated our academy’s regulations into custody.
 This was an unfortunate incident, but since nothing illegal has transpired…I hope you’ll be understanding. We were only acting in accordance with the urgency of the situation.
 I ask for your cooperation during the execution of the Prefect Team’s duties.
 Oh…?
 Hmm…
 It would seem you all feel the same way.
 I’m shocked you would be so obstinate, even in the face of our troops…
 Could the source of this confidence be rooted in the abilities of a certain individual you have in your cornet? Perhaps…Sensei?
 Sensei, you’re the official advisor of Schale. Does this mean you agree with the Foreclosure Task Force?
 …
 That 's too bad. If that’s how it has to be, then you leave me no choice. Truly, it brings me no joy to do this, but…
 (Smiles intensely, she literally shines of happiness)
 We have no choice but to use force.
 (Shiroko, Serika and Nonomi react with surprise)
 *KA-POW* *POW* *POW* *POW*
 (Shooting sounds)
 Pardon?
 Kayoko…
 Oh, dear. You managed to break through our perimeter.
 …
 It’s quite all right… As for you, Kayoko. What is it you’re getting at?
 …
 …
 Hmm.
 Oh, dear. I should’ve remembered that Problem Solver had someone like you in its ranks, Kayoko. Perhaps I said too much to the Abydos girls.
 Ah, well. No matter.
 (Ako snaps her fingers)
 *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*
 (The Prefect Team troops start moving)
 Okay, maybe I did overdo it just a little…but I figured it was better to be safe than sorry when dealing with Schale.
 It’s better to be over-prepared than under-prepared after all! ☆
 Kayoko is right. Well, she’s half-right. It’s true that I anticipated the worst in the event of a clash with Schale.
 But it’s not true that I intended for things to escalate like they did.
 I really hope you believe me when I say that…though I understand if you don’t.
 The Tea Party…
 They act as the student council of Trinity General School - Gehenna Academy’s longtime rival.
 Our intelligence gatherers have learned of a report on Schale that was submitted to the Tea Party.
 (Flashback to Abydos school)
 I had no clue what Schale was at first…but whatever intel the Tea Party had, it was absolutely necessary for us to acquire it as well.
 So I took a look at the report Chinatsu had compiled.
 A mysterious organization left behind by the General Student Council president… An extrajudicial club headed by an adult…
 I can’t be the only one who finds that suspicious.
 There are too many unknown variables when it comes to Schale.
 That’s unacceptable with the treaty on the horizon.
 So until it’s signed, the Prefect Team will be taking Sensei into our custody.
 Taking care of a group of troublemakers while we do so is simply an added bonus.
 Yes. That is the way it will be. Isn’t that right, Okusora Ayane?
 We won’t hesitate to resort to violence if necessary.
 In fact, we welcome it.
 Well then. We certainly knew this was possible…
 Still, aren’t you becoming buddy-buddy a little TOO quickly?
 These things are supposed to take time.
 But very well.
 Prefect Team, we’re moving out. Subdue the Foreclosure Task Force and Problem Solver, and do all you can to secure Sensei.
 Sensei is an outsider to Kivotos, so see to it they aren’t harmed.
 Oh, dear…
 …
 I see. I have a much better understanding in just how many troops we must allocate to deal with Schale.
 Their power is way beyond what I expected…
 Incredible.
 We didn’t underestimate them, but we should have approached this more carefully.
 But it’s not like they’re invincible. I have seen their weakness…so I know what it will take to defeat them.
 We just have to push a little more…I'm sure we can win.
 All right, rear squad eight, advance.
 This will be a whole new experience for me from here on out.
 I’ll have to write an apology letter if the president catches wind of this…
 Well, the. It’s time for round three. Prefect Team, ready your weapons.
 *tchhhk*
 (Someone joins the conversation)
 Hmm?
 P-President Hina?!
 P-President, I wasn’t expecting to hear from you so soon.
 M-Me? I’m, um…down the street from Gehenna, of course. I’m on a routine patrol with the club.
 A-Anyway. What’s this about? You’re supposed to be away on a business trip.
 Oh, I see! Well, President, I have something I need to do…so I’ll get back to you in a bit! I-I'm just a little busy right now!
 Huh? W-Well, that’s because… Um…
 What…was that?
 *Hina gets angry. Footsteps are heard and suddenly the real Hina appears at the side of the hologram*
 Huh?
 …
 (Crash sound, background becomes black. The screen focuses on Ako. No sounds nor music are playing)
 Oh, no.
 (A breeze can be heard, still no music nor other sounds)
 I-I’m…I’m here to…arrest troublemakers…
 Huh? Problem Solver should be…
 *whoosh*
 (Breezing)
 Wh-When did they escape?! Th-They were just here…
 S-So…I-I can explain everything, President.
 …
 …Yes, ma’am.
 Obviously, we’d notice if it was near the district of another academy…
 There was an unfortunate incident, but there’s nothing illegal that I know of… I hope you can understand the urgency of the situation.
 *return to present*
 President…how much longer do we have to keep writing?
 It was just an expression! I didn’t think you’d actually expect me to write a thousand pages…
 A-Ahaha… Okay, I’ll continue…
 *scratch* *scratch*
 By the way…
 Do you know Hoshino from Abydos?
 I see… You sounder like you knew her pretty well…
 Really? She didn’t look like that kind of person at all!
 Foreclosure Task Force Room
 (Hoshino is on screen)
 She seemed really laid-back…
 Disciplinary Committee Clubroom
 B-But we analyzed them thoroughly… There wasn’t any information saying…
 *Through hologram*
 I have eyes on Kaiser PMC’s reinforcements. Looks like a battalion, President.
 This president granted us this opportunity in place of writing an apology letter. So let’s keep the complaints to a minimum.
 You know…you should really wait to have those kind of conversations until after I leave the room.
 *sigh*
 O-Oh.
 Well, more or less.
 I never expected you to be involved with the Eden Treaty.
 Does that mean you’ll also be making formal greetings at Trinity?
 Wh-What? Since when…?
 Are you saying I’ve been out of the loop? But I’m the Prefect Team’s senior administrator!
 I’ve been so busy preparing for the treaty. I can’t believe I’d lose track of your every move so carelessly like this.
 Hmm…
 You’re right. Our president has told me the same lately.
 She’s had,,,business to attend to elsewhere. She’s not at the academy right now.
 The head prefect has been as busy as ever. Though things may finally slow down for her once the Eden Treaty is signed…
 …
 So, your business here is done now, yes? I can show you out.
 *Hina (blushing) opens the door and shows herself to Sensei*
 P-President?
 I thought you were away from campus.
 Right. As you wish.
 Just finished. A car has been prepared to take you from the Pandemonium Society’s offices to the cathedral.
 Makoto showing off. It would seem the Pandemonium Society recently purchased a private blimp and she would like to… “Demonstrate the difference in the authority as you crawl on the ground and she flies through the skies.”
 …
 Yes, I know. I want to believe the Prefect Team’s future is still secure, and I know Makoto will be bound to some degree by the Tea Party’s restrictions. It’s you I’m worried about.
 Right.
 *The scene changes to Shinon reporting live*
 How dare they lay a finger on the head prefect. They must pay for this. Wipe out Trinity’s forces and save the president!
 Support units, seek out and aid the wounded!
 Never mind me! All that matters is finding and securing the head prefect!
 Cut back to Arius
 What do you mean the president disappeared?!
 Find her! She couldn’t have gone far! She’s in no condition to be going anywhere with those injuries!
 President Hina…
 Fade to black!
 Sensei…
 But the President is still missing…
 She’s not in her office, and I can’t get ahold of her.
 Sensei. Please…
 Thank you, Sensei. We’re counting on you.
 Scene change to the Trinity gate.
 …
 Scene goes to black, 3 Knocks appear and a door opens.
 Sensei enters a room.
 President!
 N-Not at all!
 Hello, Foreclosure Task Force. I’ve analyzed the enemies in your area. Sending you the data now.
 I did indeed. It’s been a while, hasn’t it Okusora Ayane? How have you been?
