 We’ve received a request from Millenium.
 The sender is…the Millenium Game Development Department? Hmm. I’ll read it.
 “The Game Development Department is fighting for its survival. The student council
 has us cornered, and you’re our only hope. Please, warrior, save us!”
 Heehee. This is the most urgent yet funniest request I’ve received.
 Oh. Are you familiar with the Millennium School, Sensei?
 It’s one of the biggest academies in kivotos alongside Trinity and Gehenna.
 Its full name is the Millennium Science School. They value rationality and
 technology more than any other school in Kivotos.
 It’s a place where students that specialize in science and engineering can gather in
 the name of research
 They don’t have the long history of the two more traditional academies, but their
 influence over Kivotos is just as great.
 Millennium is also where the latest and moist cutting-edge technologies in Kivotos
 typically get their start
 Why not visit and see for yourself?
 …
 [Millennium Game Development Department]
 My name is Arona!
 I’m the system manager that lives inside the Shittim Chest. I serve as its main OS. Think of me as your trusty secretary, Sensei!
 I’m so glad to finally meet you! I’ve been waiting a long time!
 Well, uh…I guess I might have dozed off there.
 Yeah! I’m happy to hear that!
 My physical form is still small, and my voice could use a serious upgrade…
 …but I know I can still prove to be useful to you!
 Oh, yeah! Let’s complete your biological authentication. ♪
 Um…this is a little embarrassing, but it’s all part of the protocol. Would you mind standing a little closer?
 Just a liiittle closer.
 Okay. Now, place your fingertip against mine.
 (press)
 Heehee. It’s kind of like we’re making a promise or something, isn’t it?
 What? It reminds you of a scene from a famous sci-fi movie?
 This is just how I’m supposed to verify your fingerprint!
 I’m the one that has to scan every fingerprint that is left on the screen. But don’t worry! I have eyes like a hawk, you know!
 Let’s see…
 Hmm.
 (Um, I can’t really tell…)
 (Hmm. I guess it doesn’t matter.)
 All done! ♪
 What, you think I didn’t do it the way I’m supposed to? That’s not true!
 …
 You’re saying fingerprint readers these days are supposed to be instant? But…I Don’t have that sort of high-tech feature…
 I mean, I don’t need those kinds of features! My eyes will do the trick just fine!
 Hmm… You don’t seem convinced.
 …
 …
 *sob*
 Why don;t you just leave me for Airi if that’s how you feel! Go be with an AI girl that has all the high-tech features you want…
 Hmph…
 Fade to black
 I spent several minutes trying to cheer up Arona
 …
 Got it. A lot’s been going on, hasn’t it?
 The General Student Council president went missing, and there’s no way to control the tower in Kivotos now…
 I have lots of data on Kivotos, but I know very little about the president. I don’t know who she is or why she disappeared, unfortunately.
 I wish I could be more helpful…
 Um…but I think I can help with the Sanctum Tower problem, at least.
 Sure! Just let me restore the access permissions to Sanctum Tower!
 Just a minute!
 *whirring*
 …
 Sanctum Tower admin permissions acquired.
 We’ve successfully regained Sanctum Tower, Sensei! The tower is now under my control.
 That means all of Kivotos is in the palm of your hand!
 I can transfer control of Sanctum Tower to the General Student Council with your approval.
 But…are you sure that’s what you want to do? You would be giving total control to the General Student Council.
 All right, then! Control of Sanctum Tower will now be transferred to the General Student Council!
 Things got a little hectic, but I think everything is okay now. Thank you for your help.
 Thanks! But this is only the beginning,
 You’ll have to help solve all the problems the students in Kivotos are going through!
 Even though it may seem simple, this is a really important task.
 Kivotos will be counting on you and Schale, Sensei.
 Let’s start your first official mission for the Federal Investigation Club: Schale!
 <<End of Chapter>> Good morning, Sensei!
 A lot of people are starting to talk about Schale, and we've received letters from other students asking for help.
 That's a great sign, and it means there's a lot of work for us to do!
 Um, but...there's this one letter we got.
 I think you should take a look.
 Hmm... Abydos High School, huh?
 It used to have a large, thriving district, but it fell on hard times due to climate change.
 The district was so big that people would even get lost in the middle of town!
 Heehee. That must sound ridiculous. How does someone get lost in the middle of modern civilization?
 I'm sure that was just an urban legend.
 Anyway, I can't believe the academy is being bullied by some lowlife gang. It sounds pretty serious.
 I wonder what brought this on.
 You want to head there right away? You really don't back down, do you?
 All right, then! Good luck!
 <I eventually arrived in Abydos…>
 <…but got lost in the middle of the district. It took days to find the school>
 <<To be Continued>>
 02 - First Day at Abydos
 Shiroko rescues Sensei and eventually the two arrive at Abydos' Foreclosure Task Force club room. Soon after, the school is attacked by the Kata-Kata Helmet Gang, and Sensei teams up with the students to fight back.
 [Abydos Residential Area]
 <*chirp* *chirp* *chirp*>
 Good job getting through that, Sensei.
 It looks like the scary Rin is gonna yell at you… Are you okay?
 There’s no way she’s only calling you to yell at you though!
 /
 Wh-What?! What’s that mean?
 Like Rin said, you’ve been solving all kinds of problems in Kivotos.
 Maybe she just wants to give you lots of yummy treats as reward for your hard work!
 All right, Sensei! Time to get those snacks! Off to the General Student Council building!
 Scene fades to black
 Geez, it’s turning into a rainstorm out there! I hope Kivotos
 doesn't turn into a lake.
 We might be dealing with the aftermath of this for a while.
 But I’m sure each school is taking appropriate measures to keep their students safe.
 …I am a little worried about the SRT Academy students at Kousagi Park.
 There’s not much shelter at the park, not even a building for them to hide in.
 I hope they don’t catch a cold.
 …nsei!
 Sensei! Wake up!
 Are you okay? You need to get a hold of yourself!
 There was an explosion, and the cathedral collapsed. I did everything I could to protect you, but…
 Ugh. I think I’m at my limit. I’m going to run out of energy, so you have to wake up!
