 Strange. The same applies to the other Justice Task Force members, yet you’re the only one who failed, Koharu.
 You can interpret it that way, but the reality is that sometimes life is just like this.
 I can at least sympathize on that front. Expulsion is not an option. I won’t go down without a fight, no matter how futile it may seem.
 ...
 Fascinating. I’ve never seen such an effective restraining method in close-quarters combat. This will prove most useful. But I would’ve twisted her joints first. You made too many unnecessary moves with your hands.
 *inhale**exhale*
 A shame. I could’ve gotten at least three more of them if I hadn’t run out of ammo. Do your worst. I’ve been trained to withstand any kind of torture, so you won’t be getting anything out of me. *inhale**exhale*
 *inhale**exhale**
 *exhale* I’m not sure what you’re suggesting, but I couldn’t care less. I have enough resources for us to take shelter here for a month if need be.
 …
 None. We’re to do special afterschool training in addition to our regular classes. It’s simple to understand.
 Understood. Our objective is to complete this mission together. We must gather here every day to train in order to do so. Essentially, this is a gathering of people trying to avoid dishonorable discharge. I see no reason to sabotage this arrangement.
 …
 No, there’s no point in hiding the truth. Don’t worry about it. Adapting is merely a matter of putting in the appropriate work.
 No? Why would I mind?
 That works for me too. I’m not used to that kind of culture anyway. Besides, We’re each here for our own benefit, so I don’t see the need to pretend to be friends.
 You were holding back? I see. Just so you know, I’ll be taking the first-year exam as well.
 I don’t understand this question, Hanako.
 Hmm. I see.
 I don’t understand the meaning of this sentence, Hanako.
 …Hanako, this one…
 Oh, in that case, I think I’ve got it. Gaudium et spes…Joy and hope, I think.
 Yeah. I learned a long time ago.
 …
 Understood. All preparations are complete.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 08- The First Evaluation Exam
 We are shown a classroom midday as the four members of the Make-Up Work Club are taking their exam. Hifumi, Azusa, and Koharu are in deep thought as they take their exam. Hanako, on the other hand, seems relaxed.
 *scratch**scratch*
 32.
 Hmph. So close.
 Failed
 Encampment scouting complete.
 We’re a comfortable distance from Trinity’s main building. Sniper fire is unexpected. Location acceptable. There are only two entrances connecting to the outside, which I also find favorable. Worst-case scenario, we could barricade one entrance and lead the enemy to an ambush in the first floor gym. I’ve also identified several weak points in our defenses, but they shouldn’t pose a problem with a little fortification.
 And this must be the barracks…Excuse me. Dormitory is the proper name, yes? Unexpectedly luxurious. I’m surprised such a valuable foothold has been lying unused. What a waste.
 I’m aware. We’re here to train for a week, correct? High-intensity training where we’re banned from leaving the grounds, having free time, and are under 24-hour surveillance a day.
 I’m prepared for anything. I brought all of my personal belongings, change of clothes, gtm equipment, toothbrushes, toothpaste, soap, dry goods, blankets, water…
 Um. Yes. I’m looking forward to it. But completing the mission comes first. I’ll study and pass the second evaluation exam. This is our main objective. It’s not my intention to be a liability again.
 By the way, I prepared anti-personnel mines and claymores for possible ambushes. I also brought the necessary materials to manufacture IEDs and antitank mines,
 There’s even a swimming pool outside. It looks like it hasn’t been used for a long time, though.
 Is Sensei using the room down the hall truly necessary? There are enough beds in this room. I find splitting our unit apart to be to our disadvantage.
 Practice installing traps while under fire?
 Hygiene is a critical responsibility. It has a large effect on unit morale.
 Understood.
 Reporting in.
 I would rather have my firearm and not need it than need it and not have it. Wouldn’t you?
 Understood. It would be wise to remove the brush around our encampment and give the enemy nowhere to hide.
 Roger that.
 Of course not. Can do.
 Once again the screen goes dark and a textbox appears.
 The dorm hallway was then swept and mopped clean. Followed closely by the other facilities the girls would eventually use.
 Yes I have to agree.
 …is rather large. It hadn’t even crossed my mind that we should need it for our make-up work studies.
 A pool this size wasn’t built to be left empty. At some point it was filled with water and people laughing, enjoying this place as well. But this end was inevitable. Vanitas vanitatum. That is the truth of the world.
 Yes. Even if everything is in vain, there’s no reason we shouldn’t give life our all.I also remembered to pack my swimsuit just in case. I’ll return shortly.
 …
 Hanako appears on the screen dressed in her normal school uniform.
 Yes. I’m prepared for water activities.
 This section is nearly finished. Advancing soon.
 The scene fades to black
 Everyone finished cleaning the pool and soon began to fill it with water. It took longer than expected, and the sun had already set by the time it was finished.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 12- First Night of Boot Camp
 It is nighttime at the newly cleaned pool as the water shimmers under the lights. Azusa is the first to appear in her normal school uniform, as does everyone else.
 ...
 No need to apologize. It was still an enjoyable mission .
 Fine…
 It was a successful day.
 Hanako? What are you doing here?
 I’ve slept enough already. I was thinking of doing a nighttime patrol.
 I have trouble sleeping in places I’m unaccustomed to.
 You don’t have to worry on my behalf. I’m trained to go five days without sleep if necessary.
 Anyway, I imagine everyone must be feeling anxious on our first night, hence why you and Hifumi went on walks. I wanted to go on patrol for your sakes. In fact, I should be getting back to that.
 Good morning!
 Of course. It’s important to start the day off well. Let’s not waste time. We have to brush our teeth, shower, and get changed into fresh uniforms.
 Come on, Hifumi. Jokharu. It’s time to wake up.
 It could be mental fatigue related to her responsibilities as our club president. Should we allow her to rest for longer than usual?
 Good morning, Koharu. We’re on breakfast duty today, so we need to hurry.
 The showers are this way. I’ll help you wash, so follow me.
 Hmm.
 I was also without clothes. It’s standard procedure. What’s the problem?
 Hmm.
 Mock exam?
 …
 33 Points (Fail)
 Hmmm.
 Very well. I’ll follow your lead.
 …!
 (Stay calm…)
 Cu…
 So cute!
 I’ve never seen anything so cute! What is this round and fluffy-looking creature? A bird, you said? His eyes…I can’t read his expression at all! I can’t tell what he’s thinking, if anything!
 And what is this long one called? Is it a salamander…? No, a giraffe perhaps. It looks like I could wear it as a scarf?
 And this? This tiny one?
 That sounds amazing! And you’re giving these away! I can pick?
 *sigh* You leave me with no choice. With incentives lille these, my only option is to score high marks. Congratulations, Hifumi. You’ve successfully motivated your soldier. I’ll complete this mission at any cost, and those strange fluffy-looking things will be turned over to my custody.
 Question, Koharu.
 Because we’re studying the same material. I have a question about this problem.
 Oh. Now I get it. Thank you for the help. I’d expect nothing less of one of the Justice Task Force’s elite.
 Sure. I owe you.
 I didn’t mean to seem biased. I can help you wash as well, Hanako.
 Oh. There was another question I wanted to ask you, Koharu.
 Do you not know the solution either?
 This textbook has the answer?
 …?
 Showered already? It’s still early.
 You only slept in because you were up late last night preparing our mock exam. You aren’t the one who should be ashamed. If anything, I regret letting you down after all of your effort. Let me know if you would like to sleep in tomorrow as well. I’d be more than happy to help you wash up in the morning to save time.
 I know-I’m simply trying to be efficient. There are several advantages to bathing together, such as water conservation.
 I don’t particularly mind, but what advantage would there be? Swimsuits are required for the school pool.
 Enjoyment! I hadn’t considered that. And it would be…liberating, you said?
 Now I understand. Hanako was alluding to the fifth koan.
 It’s something I’ve heard about in passing-Kivotos’ seven koans that date back to ancient times. I believe she was referring to the fifth one. “Can we prove anyone has ever reached paradise?” That’s how I remember it, but I can't say I know the rest. It’s a rhetorical question meant to ponder the existence of paradise if no one alive has ever seen it.
 ...
 ...No. As I said, it’s just something I've heard in passing.
 …
 *shuffle*
 …
 Smoothly. All according to plan thus far.
 We return back to mika and Sensei at the pool.
 …
 Postmortem Pt.1 - END
 ***
 [Episode 2] Postmortem Pt.2
 “Sensei hears about everything that’s happened so far from Hanako. They also hear how Nagisa apologized to the entire Make-Up Work Club and went to meet with Mika.”
 *The scene starts with a Tea Party Inspector, Azusa, Hifumi and Hanako in a room*
 This is what Seia said.
 If the long-standing dispute between Gehenna and Trinity can be resolved through the Eden Treaty, then perhaps Arius’ troubles can be addressed next.
 She also said the treaty was the only way to solve Trinity’s deep-rooted issues…
 …and if Arius succeeded in destroying the Tea Party’s halos, then war would break out in Kivotos.
 Seia asked if that was what I truly wanted.
 *The scene changes to Seia in a dark room*
 It was necessary to stage Seia’s death. Arius needed to be deceived as well.
 Seia personally chose the Remedial Knights’ captain to lead the cover up. She told me I could leave the rest to her.
 I fled after the room was destroyed. Once the dust settled and intel about the incident began to spread, Squad was under the impression that I succeeded.
 That’s everything I know about that night.
 I’ve been in the dark ever since. I had no idea that Seia was still unconscious.
 I…
 No, it’s okay. I’ll be fine.
 *Azusa closes her eyes, opens them and the scene fades to black*
 The one who gave me my orders was Joumae Saori, the leader of Squad.
 *The scene changes to the room where Sensei, Sakurako, Mari and Hanako are in*
 This place is rather crowded.
 I’d love to come visit you, Koharu.
 Yes, I cherish him. Of course he goes wherever I go.
 Right. That could be nice.
 Anna…may?
 I find happy endings to be purely fictional as well. The world isn’t so quick to change, no matter how hard you try. That’s reality.
 It doesn’t bother me if you like happy endings, Hifumi. If you like them, then so do I.
 That would be nice. It’s been a while since I’ve had a casual conversation with Sensei.
 …?!
 *Azusa quickly rushes out of the cafe*
 …
 *whoooooosh*
 (It’s not over yet.)
 (No, it’s only the beginning,,, Isn’t it, Saori?)
 *The scene shows the events that are currently happening on the Old Cathedral*
 *BOOM*
 Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.2 - END
 Lazy ass bum not doing stuff, taking over. DMS
 EP 7 - Day of Fire and Ash Part 1
 *inhale* … *exhale*
 Why? How dare you...?
 How DARE you harm Sensei?!
 SAORIII!!!
 AHHHHHH!
 Black Screen with a thud. [I didnt hear it but I assumed it cus I was listening to music.]
 G-Gahhh…
 Saori… What have you done? What are you hoping to… accomplish…?
 …
 …
 Now I understand.
 This attack wasn’t about eliminating the leaders of both academies or causing chaos.
 This was about revising the Eden Treaty and securing those mysterious soldiers.
 No, Atsuko. I can’t go back.
 What have you done to Sensei?!
 …!
 …!
 Hifumi.
 I know.
 Someone has to put a stop to this.
 Don’t come any closer!
 …
 Thank you, Hifumi.
 But this is goodbye. You mustn’t come any closer.
 One more step. One more step and you’ll be somewhere students don’t belong.
 This is where I belong--not you.
 This place isn’t for a normal girl like you, Hifumi.
 Murderer.
 Can you be friends with a murderer?
 It’s my fault.
 I'm responsible for what happened to Sensei. Everyone is suffering because of me.
 Black Screen
 The Justice Task Force, the Tea Party, the Sisterhood, even the students from Gehenna.
 Seia is comatose, the city is being destroyed… and it’s all my fault.
 It’s only a matter of time before you, Hanako, and Koharu will be in danger too.
 Back to Bridge!
 Hifumi.
 The real world isn’t full of happy endings.
 I have to go now. I must destroy Saori’s halo.
 There’s no other way to end this.
 I’m a killer.
 That is what I was trained to be. I was taught to kill as though it were as natural as breathing.
 This is the real me.
 I don’t belong in the world you are from, Hifumi.
 I’ll never forget those days we spent together and the things we learned.
 I’m grateful I had the opportunity to be a real student.
 Goodbye, Hifumi. Take care.
 *pant* Around the next corner should be…
 Azusa zooms from left to right and back, as suddenly Atsuko appears!
 …?!
 Ahhh!
 Atsuko…
 I won’t.
 Azusa places something
 *boom*!
 Tch.
 How long…?
 How long did Arius have that cruise missile?
 When did you gain control of those mysterious soldiers?
 Even that bomb capable of shattering a halo shouldn’t have been possible.
 …
 Saori…
 Where does that hatred come from?
 That hatred was only instilled into me at Arius… so where does it come from? Whose is it?
 Black Screen
 …!
 A-Ahhhhhhghhh…!
 …
 …
 *sob*
 *sniffle* *sob*
 I’m sorry, Hifumi. So sorry…
 Now there’s no turning back.
 Transition to Black
 *sob* Goodbye, everyone. I’m sorry… Ahhhhhh! *sob*
 Rain SFX.
 <<End of Episode.>>
 EP 15 - In Response to the Fifth Koan
 Seia tells Sensei the Eden Treaty will lead to desolation and the fifth koan remains impossible to substantiate. Sensei leaves, determined to help the students in the present rather than despair over the proposition’s ambiguity or the uncertainty of the future.
 Now isn’t the time to give up.
 You have to act. If you have time to feel sorry for yourself, then you have time to think of a solution.
 The next plan. The next goal. Whatever comes next…
 Azusa rises.
 I can’t stop here. There has to be a way…
 The Council hasn’t disappeared. Saori and Atsuko are safe after all… No. Regardless of that…
 … I have to keep moving. Saori must be stopped.
 There’s no other way.
 Azusa slowly walks away.
 Saori…
 I’ll stop you, Saori. If it’s the last thing I do.
 I will. If maliciousness is what I lack, then I’ll find it. If I have to kill you, then I will.
 And if it means that I can never return to their world, then I’ll bid it farewell.
 <<Episode End>>
 EP 19 - Our Stories
 *pant* *pant*...
 Ugh…
 THUMB
 Whether it’s in vain or not, my choice is to struggle.
 Gah!
 Azusa falls but a Hifumi appears and catches her.
 …?!
 Hi…fumi…?
 Hifumi, no. Why would you come here?
 You shouldn’t be here…
 Hifumi, I--
 …?!
 What the…?
 Hifumi…?
 Hifumi. What do you think you’re--
 …
 Hifumi…
 You don’t have to do this. Wearing a paper bag on your head and making up a fake gang won’t--
 …?!
 …?!
 Hifumi…
 …
 You will…?
 Saori. Please surrender.
 Even if every breath that fills our lungs is ultimately in vain, there’s still meaning. To struggle is to live.
 I’ll show you, Saori. I won’t fall here.
 COMBAT START
 <<Episode End>>
 EP 23 - Below the Old Cathedral
 Saori!
 I have enough energy left to slip past them. I’ll go.
 All I have to do is stop Saori. I won’t be long.
 Sensei… Okay. Thank you.
 Don’t worry. I’m done running away.
 I promise we’ll be back!
 Let’s finish this, Saori.
 No, but I didn’t come alone.
 With pleasure.
 COMBAT START
 <<Episode End>>
 EP 24 - Hatred That Is Not Our Own
 *pant* … *pant*... *pant*...
 THUMB (x2)
 I can’t move, Sensei…
 Atsuko…
 …
 What’s happening?
 S-Sensei…
 This is… bad. We have to run. We have to get away from here.
 Sensei?
 …
 We were so busy that I forgot to study for my next exam.
 Sensei!
 58 Points (Fail)
 Hmm. It was very close.
 I will not stop until I complete my mission and win those cute things. No matter the cost.
 That's now my secondary objective that I don't mind completing along the way.
 ...an intruder. Good thing I've taken measures.
 I set explosive traps to stop intruders.
 There's nowhere to run. Naturally, I laid traps along an intruder's likely escape route.
 Um…
 I'm sorry. I thought it was an enemy ambush.
 Me?
 Gratitude?
 I suppose that did happen. I don't enjoy watching gangs prey on the weak.
 I never retreat from a fight. I could have defeated at least three more of your comrades had I not run out of ammunition.
 So that's it.
 Her gratitude is undeserved. I ended up being captured in the end.
 But you shouldn't allow yourself to be bullied. Even if everything is meaningless, that is no reason to give up.
 That's so sweet, but I wouldn't say those rumors are completely unfounded. Azusa is rather rough around the edges.
 !
 Sure. Thank you for offering.
 But doing all of our laundry at once saves water and detergent. Hanako is being efficient. Fall in line. Now.
 We should be heading to bed. Good night, everyone.
 Hmm.... Mmm…
 Hmm...no. The cute creatures... So round and fluffy... I mustn't.
 Hmm?
 Azusa walks around
 ?
 Azusa walks away
 Fade to black
 <One hour later.>
 Hmm.
 That's all of it.
 That's because you tripped and got all of us soaked.
 You don't have to blame yourself. We can always re-do the laundry and wear something different in the meantime.
 So am I. My uniform and gym clothes are soaked, and I don't have a spare change of clothes.
 She has a point. We all have plenty of fresh underwear, and we can wear socks to help keep us warm.
 I'd have preferred to begin studying as soon as possible, but I suppose we can't enter the classroom just yet. All we can do is take these off for now.
 We have a problem.
 That was the washing machine stopping. And it's locked. What do we do?
 It will be difficult to hold class under these conditions. Not to mention all of the building's facilities have shut down due to the lightning. Our defenses are wide open.
 I see. So that's the purpose of a swimsuit symposium.
 I can sympathize. I too am happy to have joined the club.
 Of course I am. I enjoy getting to study, eat, and even clean and do laundry with all of you. Not a single activity hasn't been enjoyable.
 I've always thought swimsuits were merely meant for swimming, but now I'm learning all sorts of other useful applications for them.
 But they're comfortable to move around in and breathable. I can understand why Hanako is so fond of hers.
 I enjoy studying with you too, Koharu.
 Hmm.               glimmer
 Of course. And I'm especially grateful for how you've always taken care of me, Hifumi. Thank you.
 Hifumi shocked
 Black screen
 Hifumi. I can't breathe.
 <The Make-Up Work Club continued to pass the time by making small talk.>
 The beach... Now that you mention it, I've never been there before.
 I know. I'm sorry for inconveniencing you all by oversleeping this morning.
 That never happens in a place where I'm uncomfortable.
 Maybe I overslept because I no longer find that to be the case…
 Yes. I've been keeping watch every night…
 She has?
 I didn't realize. I'm sorry.
 To be honest, I use my patrols as an opportunity to do things like set traps and fortify our defenses.
 Don't worry. I only set them along the routes intruders would likely take. They shouldn't pose a threat to us as we go about our studies.
 I suppose you have a point. I'll be more careful from now on.
 The last thing I want is to cause any harm to the club or Sensei.
 H-Huh? Don't treat me like child.
 Besides, that's not how I would describe myself.
 The truth is that everything is meaningless, and vanity is the way of the world.
 There will come a day where I betray everything I've ever known—all of you, my faith, and my own heart.
 I suppose this marks the end to the first Make-Up Work Club Swimsuit Symposium. I look forward to the second.
 What do you have in mind?
 I'm dressed and ready.Just give the order on when to move.
 So this is what the district is like at this hour. It's much more vibrant than I expected.
 That bakery is still open? And that cafe over there too…
 Look. There's another bakery here too.
 Parfait? That sounds perfect. Let's go.
 MUWC walks off
 Hmm.
 Beat to the punch. I didn't expect such fierce competition at this hour. How naive of me.
 Black screen
 They're close by. Within a kilometer, judging by the sound of the explosion.
 Understood. That won't be a problem.
 This is the first time we'll be fighting as a club under Sensei's command. Please use us as you see fit.
 It was a good learning experience to see how the Justice Task Force's strategizes from up close.
 It was enjoyable, however.
 You're late!
 I began studying before sunrise and then quizzed myself on what I had studied.
 Naturally. Today is yet another mock exam, isn't that right?
 Yes. Our next official exam is only two days away, and I don't want to hold us back.
 I WILL pass today!
 I repeatedly covered material expected to be on the test. I left no stone unturned.
 …
 73 Points (Pass)
 Success!
 Th-Thank you.
 At last!
 Whichever one...I want...!
 Which one should I pick? I…
 I can't! Picking only one is impossible!
 The black one with horns looks good, but so is the glasses-wearing hippo!
 I can't choose just one. What should I do?
 I-I'm sorry, Hifumi. Could I ask you to pick for me?
 Fine! I'll go with this one!
 I see. Like an intelligent professor.
 Yes, I really do. Heehee…
 Thank you, Hifumi. I'll cherish it forever.
 Maybe so...but this is the first gift I've ever received from a friend.
 I shall think of you every time I gaze upon this hippo!
 The second exam.
 Naturally. I won't be satisfied until I score a 100.
 Fine…
 I hadn't thought about it, but you're right. We'll have to go our separate ways once we all pass.
 No. All things come to an end eventually. For every beginning, there is a conclusion.
 Oh.
 Expel?
 …
 I won‘t let that happen.
 Thank you for clarifying. I think we should get moving.
 The exam time has been changed. It's taking place at 3 AM. We'll have to leave now if we hope to make it in time.
 There's no time to be shocked or angry. We can save it for after the exam.
 Complaining about the obstacles they've placed in our way won't accomplish anything. I still intend to fight until I can't fight anymore.
 Let's depart immediately. Make sure to bring your weapons.
 Please give the order, Sensei.
 This is a waste of time.
 Ching
 Think fast.
 <Battle Sequence>
 The Make-Up Work Club heads to the test site while laying waste to Gehenna delinquents standing in their way.
 Explosion
 Let's keep moving.
 Azusa zooms away
 Gunfire. There's a battle nearby.
 It's useless. Let's just wipe them out.
 That wasn't me.
 We're taking this catering truck?
 This is Bravo Squad. Alpha Squad, please respond.
 Please use the code names. Anyway, the operation was unsuccessful. We're surrounded.
 The Hot Springs Department has the path forward blocked with a flamethrower, and that girl with twin tails from the Prefect Team is blocking the rear.
 Hanako and I will try to escape on our own. We'll see you at the rendezvous point. Good luck.
 <*click*>
 *inhale* *exhale* It's 2:45 AM. We made it with time to spare.
 I don't sense anyone else here. They must have left something for us.
 Azusa looks around
 !!
 Picks up
 Here. Take a look at this.
 It's the warhead of an L118 towed artillery—typically used for demonstration and propaganda. The detonator has been removed.
 Yes. There must be something inside.
 I’ll open it.
 <*click*>
 Still intact as well. There's also a small portable communicator here.
 We don't have much time. Let's begin.
 They're gone. Without a trace…
 Fascinating. I've never seen such effective CQC techniques. I'll remember this for later.
 However, I would suggest targeting and snapping her keyjoints first. You made too many unnecessary moves with your hands.
 We thought our time here had come to end, yet here we still are. Life can be very unpredictable.
 …
 …
 Koharu…
 …
 Azusa walks away
 82 Points (Fail)
 94 Points (Pass)
 91 Points (Pass)
 …
 …
 True. Your body needs to be just as prepared as your mind.
 I know. I'll be well-rested—for tonight at least.
 I... No, let's leave it at that. I promise to pass tomorrow.
 Yes.
 …
 Azusa walks away
 It has?
 H-Hold on, Saori. Tomorrow, I'm supposed to be…
 Preparations are incomplete. Changing to an earlier date poses an immense risk.
 …
 …
 Understood. I won't object any further.
 I should prepare for tomorrow's mission.
 Azusa walks away
 ...?
 Everything is in vain. Of course.
 All efforts, achievements, and even failures are meaningless in the end.
 I've never lost sight of that—not even once.
 Azusa walks away
 It's because of me.
 There's something I have to tell all of you.
 …
 There's something I've been hiding from you…
 ...but I can't hide it any longer.
 Fade to black
 I'm the one Nagisa is looking for. I am Trinity's traitor.
 …
 I originally attended the Arius Satellite School. I was able to infiltrate Trinity because my documents were forged.
 That's correct. I had never once left the Arius district in my life until I began this mission.
 I infiltrated Trinity at Arius' behest.
 My mission is...to destroy Nagisa's halo.
 …
 Correct. Arius is determined to eliminate the Tea Party at all costs.
 Arius convinced Mika to place me at Trinity under the guise of reconciling relations between our two academies.
 Arius students will advance on Trinity tomorrow morning with their sights set on Nagisa…
 ...and I'm going to protect her.
 I know, but there's no other choice. I must stop them.
 That's because…
 Black screen
 …
 No one's. This is my own decision.
 The Eden Treaty will fall through without Nagisa. If that happens, Kivotos will only plunge further into chaos.
 And more academies could suffer the same fate Arius has.
 …
 I told you before. I knew a day would come where I betray everything I've ever known—my friends, my faith, and my heart.
 As I said, I'm the traitor Nagisa has been searching for. I've put the Make-Up Work Club in grave danger.
 I'm sorry... I understand if you despise me—welcome it, even. Everything that's happening is my fault.
 Sensei?
 …
 Cut to Nagisa
 …
 …
 …!
 …
 Well, I…
 …
 Yes. You're right.
 I can't think of any other explanation.
 I enjoyed learning new things with each of you and sharing our lives…
 ...and I didn't want that to change.
 There's still so much more to learn and places we can go together.
 Like the beach, festivals, and theme parks.
 …?
 …
 Yes. Even if everything is in vain, there's no reason we shouldn't give life our all.
 Next scene
 But you shouldn't allow yourself to be bullied. Even if everything is meaningless, you should never give up.
 Present
 That's...not how I recall most of those.
 Hanako…
 But...how? It should be physically impossible.
 Arius' attack coincides with the start of the exam.
 …?
 …
 Don't move.
 Target secured.
 She took an entire 5.56mm round magazine point blank. She'll be out for at least another hour.
 Understood. This should allow the false intel to reach Trinity's true traitor.
 Arius will have no choice but to hasten their attack if your theory is correct.
 By the way. Was the last thing you said to her really necessary?
 …
 I don't know the exact number, but I've been preparing for this.
 I set traps and dug trenches around the academy every night. I'll lure them there and use the terrain to my advantage to buy time.
 I'll meet you at the rendezvous point.
 (huff puff)
 Your target has been intercepted.
 Because I have an exam to take in a few hours.
 Also, theJustice Task Force has been informed of the situation. If you're going to retreat, I would suggest you do it now.
 <*click*>
 Just as expected.
 …
 True.
 Hidden within the building.
 Just how many reinforcements?
 And what about Squad?
 That simplifies things.
 Azusa runs away
 You're correct. There's nowhere to escape—for you.
 Commencing with the elimination of targets.
 All enemy units incapacitated.
 Reinforcements…
 Arius students arrive in droves
 This is more like an army than a reinforcement unit. Half of the satellite school's roster must be here…
 You've been using Arius to stage a coup d'état from the very beginning…
 …
 Be careful, Sensei.
 I can tell... She's strong.
 …
 I…
 N-No, that's not what…
 Explosion
 …
 …
 Of course.
 I know. Still, I'll struggle until the bitter end—until I no longer can.
 …
 What are you all so relaxed for? It's not over yet.
 It's 7:50 right now.
 Which means we have just over an hour to get to the testing site. Let's run!
 Azusa whisks away
 That's interesting.
 …
 Exactly. Everything is riding on this.
 That we have, but there will be more than enough time to get sentimental after we pass the exam.
 Of course. I'm not aiming for anything below a perfect score.
 32 Points (Fail)
 33 Points (Fail)
 58 Points (Fail)
 73 Points (Pass)
 82 Points (Fail)
 94 Points (Pass)
 91 Points (Pass)
 97 Points (Pass)
 How long has Arius had that cruise missile?
 When did you gain control of those mysterious soldiers?
 Even a bomb capable of shattering halos…
 How is any of this possible?
 Fade to black
 …A mission?
 This is all I know of the catacombs' changing patterns.
 But...are you sure I can't go too?
 O-Okay.
 U-Umm…
 Please save Atsuko.
 Thank you. And...I hope everyone else can be saved too.
 Even so. They may be villains who‘ve committed heinous crimes…
 Black screen
 But they were my family.
