 (static) Deliver her to me without so much as a scratch. The ritual begins at sunrise tomorrow.
 (static) Erase them.
 Me? By my guest.
 …
 And I’m so, very grateful for your assistance. Just behold the strength of my estate now.
 Oh! My sincerest, deepest apologies. I was unaware you personally devised the Mimesis phenomenon!
 Hah! I’ve never been accused of insolence by an inferior.
 For once in your brainless existence, learn to keep your opinions to yourself, Golconde. You fabricate meaning behind what is nothing more than a temper tantrum.
 Please, your hysterics are unbecoming. There is no need for art when there is power. And your supposed art would never have seen the light of day without Black Suit and Golconde’s assistance.
 Tell me, Maestro. Are you afraid? Do you fear the power I have amassed with your work? …Perhaps you fear we have no need for you any longer.
 Mark my words, speak to me of your little art project again and I will leave here with my estate. And you will be left with nothing but your passion.
 …Schale. That Sensei is a nuisance.
 All of you are foolish beyond comprehension. We must eliminate the Schale educator or all we have done will be for naught.
 *sigh* Must I always be surrounded by incompetence?
 Allow me to explain in terms you three can understand. It all begins with Misono Mika.
 Mika is my muse, my inspiration. There’s a metaphor that’ll resonate with you.
 It was thanks to her I came up with the idea of securing those ancient powers though the Eden Treaty. Without Mika, I would never have realized and subsequently dealt with the overwhelming threat of the prophetic archangel.
 I must thank you and Decalcomania again, Golconde, for providing me such rare technology.
 Almost. But thanks to Black Suit, I was able to plant a defense system in the body of an offering.
 Indeed, it did. And that brings me to the final inspiration that Misono Mika provided me: Sensei.
 She invited them to Trinity, allowing me the opportunity to finally observe them with my own eyes.
 This was when I came to see Sensei’s power. When I targeted Ariusm it was simply due to their isolation and anonymity. No one would find me there.
 Trinity, Gehenna, Arius… It didn’t matter which one it was. I could care less for their little conflicts, all the festering hate between them.
 What mattered was that hatred is a convenient means for control. The Eden Treaty was simply a way to gain new power. Squad, the rest of them, they were disposable at best.
 But Sensei… They changed through my perfectly set scene spewing nonsense about saving the students and their dreams. And somehow, their methods worked.
 I will not underestimate Schale and their teacher again. Their involvement alters the very purpose of our work.
 Sensei must be eliminated.
 Will you stop me? We may have fallen in together under a common goal, but taking orders isn’t my strong suit.
 I’m preparing an altar.
 The same end you attempted to achieve in Abydos. I felt a ritual more…suited to my tastes.
 Yes, which is why I’ve already taken measures to prevent that.
 I’m sending Squad to eliminate Sensei.
 Seia (...!!!)
 I promised them forgiveness for Sensei’s head. Whether or not I actually do, that’ll depend on my mood.
 …An insignificant fly is eavesdropping.
 That’s enough. We’re done here.
 Beatrice leaves
 Yes, welcome to the Arius basilica.
 Ah, yes. It makes sense it’s you. I knew some rat was peeping, but I didn’t think you’d follow me to this holy place.
 Did you think you were safe in your dreams? The prophetic archangel…Yurizono Seia.
 How observant of you. Not even my Gematria comrades know of this place. Be honored.
 Beatrice gives an ugly ass smile
 A+ for you, little Misaki.
 This is my territory. You can’t so much as take a breath here without me knowing.
 Your childish plans were obvious from the start. Did you really think you could outsmart me, children?
 And yes, Saori. You were correct.
 From the beginning, your true mission was to bring royal blood to the old cathedral and manifest the Council.
 All I needed was for you to open a path to the Mimesis ability. Of course, Maestro doesn’t like me treading on his supposed area of expertise much.
 Trinity and Gehenna were little flies that landed on my chess board.
 I only used them as an excuse to fuel the deep-seated hate within your district. It made you little fools…so very, very easy to control.
 In that sense, I supposed you actually did fulfill your mission! I couldn’t have gotten the Mimesis ability without you.
 Not only that, you handed over the royal blood so nicely. What an obedient little child you are, Saori.
 Yes, yes. So tragic, so sad. Anyways, I have more important matters to attend to.
 Gunfire and the scene turning black
 And we finally meet, [NAME] Sensei.
 Schale’s educator. The beloved Sensei. Your reputation precedes you. I’ve anticipated this meeting for some time now.
 Allow me to introduce myself. I am Beatrice, a member of Gematria, but you may call me Madame.
 Tch. Insolence. Yes, I was the only one in Gematria who successfully established an estate. And look at how mine flourishes.
 Aren’t you curious how I’ve brought the entire student body under my control? I’ll tell you my secrets, for a few in return of course.
 Oh? You’re just as I imagined you’d be.
 You see, despite the way I look, I have no special powers or abilities.
 I have at times wished for it…mind control, brainwashing. It certainly could have saved me a considerable amount of time. But us adults do things our way, as you well know.
 Hate, contempt, anger, disgust… Such intense, all-encompassing emotions. They’re laughably easy to manipulate.
 I do love the elegance of it. All I had to do was ignite the flame and watch my carefully laid-out plans burn the world down. At least, they would have before you intervened.
 But those silly little brats you’re trying so hard to save were already waging a civil war before I came along. Did you know that, Sensei?
 All that deep-seated rage…that boiling hatred against the world. I simply…utilized it. I would hardly consider them poor, innocent little students.
 Of course all those students you fervently protect are the same. Human nature is violent and selfish at its core.
 You need only turn your gaze at Trinity to understand. You’ve witnessed it, Sensei. Their hatred. Their cruelty.
 When you consider it that way, isn’t there a beauty to my methods?
 All I do is reach my hand into the insatiable void of ate they already possess and rip it open further. And then I fill the hole with my own teachings until my voice is the only command they follow.
 And forcing them to commit heinous crimes under my command… The guilt they inherently suffer makes them latch to me even harder. Is it my fault? Is it theirs? I do love watching them unravel.
 You see, I distort the very fabric of their reality. Their emotions are no longer their own, their relationships with each other falling to the wayside as I become the only lifeboat in the middle of the treacherous sea.
 Paradise is only paradise if it’s exclusive. And in mine, adults dominate, exploit, and devour these unfortunate souls.
 The more hellish for them, the more comfortable this paradise becomes for me.
 Now, my dearest Sensei. Why don’t you run along and let me prey upon my loyal subjects in peace?
 Forget about the royal blood.
 I’ve spent so much effort on her. You wouldn’t want me to waste it, would you? And I promise, you’ll benefit from her sacrifice, too.
 Aren’t you the least bit curious? What the sacrifice of one insignificant student can achieve?
 I’ll make a world built just for you. Don’t you like the sound of that, Sensei?
 Come join me, and I’ll tell you everything. About our new world, and secrets about the world we currently live in.
 Kivotos is…truly…a marvel. A sublime tale of mystery and horror.
 And I can show you the truth behind all of it. Take my hand, Sensei. It’s the last time you’ll see it extended.
 Oh?
 Hahaha. They were right. You are resolute in your ways.
 If our truths can’t align, I can only see you as my adversary.
 So…is this Eden Treaty your paradise? A bumbling, idealistic world where love and friendship overcomes all?
 You’re really no better than those naive children.
 You can’t slap the word paradise onto something and sell it to them. As an adult, you should be teaching the truth.
 Black screen
 “Paradise is the origin of the first sin…”
 Real paradise is hate. It’s anger and remorse. It’s the evil that lies within all of us
 …So that’s the path you choose, Sensei?
 So be it. I’ll be waiting for you in the basilica.
 Why don’t we take bets on whether you can make it to me?
 Sensei, you truly are an incomprehensible presence.
 Black Suit perceives you as a rival. Quite a compliment, coming from him.
 Maestro is absolutely fascinated with you. He thinks you alone can understand him.
 To Golconde, you’re a metaphor that completes his eternal search.
 And I perceive you as an adversary. We reject each other, like oil and water.
 My natural enemy.
 More Justina approach
 Squash them. Grind them under your heel.
 Ah, Mika. My muse. Does she know her role? How she has helped to forge my hell? And I, hers?
 The hatred that courses through our bodies…it confirms our very existence.
 It’s much easier to comprehend than some paradise we don’t know exists. Wouldn’t you agree, Seia?
 ……
 How charming. You still haven’t given up.
 The little cracks in your dreams you’re trying to escape through are hard to find, aren’t they?
 You’re trapped in my web with no way out. Are you scared, Seia? Afraid of the power outside of Kivotos you can’t tear your eyes away from?
 Your very existence attracted it like a moth to a flame.
 Black screen
 …That thing.
 You ventured a step too far into powers you didn’t understand. And now it’s dominated you.
 Back to scene
 I wonder…what will happen to you. Not even I know.
 We’re equally as ignorant of it as you are.
 An ominous light that can’t be interpreted, understood, or communicated with. An incomprehensibly idea that, in human eyes, has no purpose.
 Gematria’s greatest threat…
 We call it “color.”
 A shriek is heard
 At last. We are approaching the climax.
 Do you feel it too? Ah, that. Yes. My trump card I carefully developed just for Schale. For your Sensei.
 The Saintess of the Council, Barbara.
 If completed as expected…it’ll be even stronger than the artificial angel series.
 Maestro will complain about his silly art, but…
 …a weapon’s beauty lies in its function.
 I can’t wait to see Maestro’s reaction… I do hope it vexes him.
 Will Schale and Squad overcome my weapon and interrupt the ritual? Or will they fail their mission when they’ve barely begun?
 I can’t wait to see it unfold. This fickle destiny.
 And you, Seia, will bear it in silence. And then you will believe that hell exists.
 Another shriek is heard
 Fade to black
 Fade to white
 Reconciliation? Your naivety astounds me. You’re walking into a trap with your eyes wide open.
 Although…this could work to our advantage. Observe her. See if she’s truly an artless child or a sly snake.
 Reject it for now, but maintain the relationship. Milk her for as much information as you can.
 Silly child. A symbol of reconciliation? If I scoffed any harder, I’d be able to spit on the Trinity girl.
 I sense discontent, Saori. You couldn’t possibly have been thinking of acquiescing to Trinity, have you?
 Tell me. Who taught you what it means to go hungry? Who stole the very roof from over your head?
 Good girl. There is no reconciliation. They have taken everything from you, except your hatred. Do not lose it.
 Cease this foolishness!
 Back to scene
 Your nauseating idealism holds no place in my basilica.
 Your theatrics have become entirely unamusing.
 Did you really think I wouldn't be watching you? This entire city belongs to me.
 I tire of your pathetic attempts to validate your existences, like insects to a flame. The time for games is over!
 Now then, shall I commence the ritual?
 Ahahahahahaha!
 Was it fun, holding onto your little hope of "sunrise"? The royal blood's halo will be destroyed before she has the chance to ever lay eyes on the sun again.
 And with her death, I will rise as the most magnificent being to walk Kivotos!
 Unfortunately, I don't feel like playing with you anymore.
 Justina soldiers surround Squad and Mika
 Rise, Barbara, Justina's Saintess.
 Silence the Schale Sensei! Rip out their lying tongue!
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 When Beatrice's ritual begins, Seia enters another dream space. There, Seia encounters someone.
 Finally. You've arrived, [NAME] Sensei.
 Back to scene
 Heeheehee. Welcome.
 <<To be Continued>>
 22 - Agnus Dei
 Beatrice asks Sensei to team up with her one last time, and Sensei promptly refuses. Beatrice is greatly angered by this and reveals her true colors.
 Have you come to save your precious student? What a pity. It's too late.
 With this ritual, I will harness the powers lurking outside Kivotos and elevate my existence! Of course, it wouldn't have been possible without the royal blood's sacrifice.
 Sensei, Sensei. You peculiar adversary.
 I do still believe you and I can come to an understanding.
 We're not so different. Each of us pursuing what we want, using the knowledge we have garnered in our lifetimes.
 Is it not an adult's duty to save this world? The more power you amass, the more capable you are of performing that duty.
 Yes! This ritual will make me into something greater than Kivotos has ever experienced!
 I will become the highest authority of this land and at last save this useless world! That is my duty as an adult!
 Who cares for the sacrifice of one little girl in the process?
 It is nothing in the face of the greater good!
 Black screen
 This is sublime purpose! This is existence!
 Back to scene
 Sensei, do you not relate to me? As their teacher, you too hold the absolute power to absolve or punish the students.
 …?!
 What are you saying?
 …!
 I cannot comprehend your existence!
 How can you explain your power? Your influence? The value your mere existence seems to bring?
 …!
 Black screen
 Then prove it!
 The scene shakes
 Behold! This is my greatness! I am the highest authority!
 I am a sublime being, meant to rule this world!
 Arrrrgh! N-No! My manifestation...!
 How could this be? Was the ritual incomplete... My...power...!
 You ingrates! Insects! How dare you!
 Barbara, I summon you... No. I summon all the troops within the basilica!
 Come to me!.
 Black screen with shrieking
 Back to scene
 Gather, my children! Protect your creator!
 <<To be Continued>>
 23 - Kyrie for the Students Part 1
 Mika, who's been fighting enemies from the Council, is slowly becoming exhausted. She finds a schola cantorum in the Arius cathedral and gets lost in her thoughts. Mika recalls her faults from the past and confronts the Council while singing Kyrie Eleison.
 Gunfire
 …
 What is happening? Where are the reinforcements...?
 Where is Barbara? I summon you!
 Kyrie Eleison plays
 …!
 It cannot be!
 No! The song of mercy cannot play in my territory!
 This should be impossible! What trickery is this?
 I ensured the instruments and gramophones were broken. Is this a twisted miracle?
 I won't believe it. It must be a curse! Only hatred and contempt can echo within my halls.
 Every last one of you deserves to rot and suffer in this hell! You deserve no salvation!
 Black screen
 What did you say to me?!
 …!!!
 How dare you speak to me this way!
 Black screen
 ARGHHHH!!!
 The scene shakes
 I will not be defeated! Saori, come to your master!
 You will be the new sacrifice!
 You were the one who brought Sensei here! You must be punished!
 …
 Argh! Graaah!
 H-How...! Why...? My…
 My plan...my territory...my ritual…
 My...my...power!
 Ahhhh!
 Beatrice falls
 U-Ugh…
 I'll never be defeated...not by you...!
 You think you've won? All you did was disrupt my ritual, Sensei!
 I still have Barbara and the Arius troops! I still have Mimesis!
 Don't look down at me like that! You've won nothing! You think everything is over now?!
 Black screen
 Golconde?!
 Me?!
 …!
 U-Ugh...!
 *cough* You're…
 Golconde!!
