 You seem troubled.
 …
 On the contrary. The data was flawless.
 The only way this can be interpreted is the Abydos students have somehow grown in strength.
 We'll have to find out if any new variables have appeared in Abydos recently.
 Pardon me.
 Black Suit leaves
 I've been waiting for you, Horus of the Da—ah, pardon me. You go by "Hoshino", was it?
 I'm afraid I'm still getting used to how things are done in Kivotos. This way, if you please,
 Miss Hoshino.
 To put it simply, circumstances have changed. And as you possess the greatest To put it simply, circumstances have changed. And as you possess the greatest
 Ah-ah-ah. Let's keep it down, shall we?
 How shall I put this? Ah, let me use this quote from a favorite movie of mine.
 Fade to black
 <*sits down*>
 I'm going to make you an offer you can't refuse.
 You'll find it very enticing, I assure you. Won't you hear me out?
 Heh heh... Hahaha.
 <<To be Continued>>
 18 - We’re Not Their Friends!
 Upon entering Shiba Seki, Master Shiba's warm welcome sends Aru into a screaming fit, unable to bear her guilty conscience any longer. Before anyone can stop her, Haruka plants a bomb and blows the shop to smithereens.
 [Shiba Seki Ramen Shop]
 Now that the student body president is gone, will you be assuming responsibility of the debt as vice president, Takanashi Hoshino?
 Or…would you rather hear my offer?
 *fade to black*
 I’m going to make you an offer you can’t refuse.
 Half of Abydos’ debt will instantly be forgiven if you agree to drop out of school and join the corporation I manage.
 Heh heh heh. so, do we have a deal? Yes? Then go ahead and sign here.
 …
 Yes. We have your signature on the contract, Miss Hoshino.
 All of your rights as a student have been transferred to us.
 With this, most of Abydos’ debt is now considered settled.
 …
 You’re mistaken, Hoshino. I kept my word.
 The debt has been settled, exactly as promised.
 However, now that you’ve dropped out, Abydos no longer has an official Student Council. How unfortunate.
 Why do you think we supported this tacky company and its little real estate scam?
 Taking Kivotos’ land will only create more lawless districts like that of the black market.
 There are too many places like that in Kivotos for anyone to care.
 But…what if a new academy, owned by a corporation, were to be founded in Abydos’ place?
 What sort of changes would we see in Kivotos?
 Bear in mind that has always been secondary to us.
 You have been our prime objective from the very beginning.
 Having you sign that contract, coercing you into signing away all your rights…
 We only worked with Kaiser because our interests happen to align.
 A lifelong contract with Kaiser PMC? I don’t recall saying such a thing. My apologies if you misunderstood.
 I didn’t claim the most promising Mystic in Kivotos just to waste her on something like that.
 My objective is to study, analyze, and understand Takanashi Hoshino. You, in other words, are our guinea pig.
 And this is the experiment we’ll be running.
 So don’t be so glum.
 I’ve been waiting for you, Sensei.
 I’d like to have a word with you, face-to-face.
 …
 [TO BE CONTINUED]
 Episode 16 - Battle Between Adults
 We know who you are. An enigmatic individual chosen by the General Student Council president.
 Owner of the artifact known as the Shittim Chest. The sensei of Schale, the Federal Investigation Club.
 Others tend to underestimate you, but we won’t make the same mistake.
 First, let me make something clear.
 We have no interest in a conflict with you.
 In fact, we want to work with you…
 …because otherwise, you represent the largest obstacle to our plans.
 Wiping out an insignificant school like Abydos is child’s play. However, we’d rather avoid the consequence of starting a war with you in the process.
 Oh, dear. Have we not introduced ourselves?
 We are outsiders to Kivotos, the same as you… Ah, but that doesn’t mean we came from the same place.
 *Close-up to Black Suit*
 For the time being, we’ve found a suitable name to borrow. Please call us Gematria.
 And I’m fine with going by “Black Suit,” Sensei. I’ve grown quite fond of that name.
 We, Gematria, are…observers, explorers, and researchers.
 You could say that we’re enigmatic beings, much like yourself.
 So allow me to formally ask. Do you have any interest in working with Us? Gematria?
 …
 Ha. Haha.
 Do you believe your behavior to be justified, Sensei? That you’re in the right? And you wish Hoshino to be released as well?
 Hoshino is no longer a student of Abydos. Have you not read her disenrollment papers?
 Hmm?
 …
 I see.
 You’re their teacher. Major changes in your students’ lives must have your approval.
 The logic is easy to understand.
 Academies and their students… Teachers… Hmm. How bothersome.
 Indeed. We have used the misfortune of others as stepping stones for our benefit.
 I won’t deny that. What we’ve done can be construed as evil.
 (fade to black)
 Evil, but within our right.
 (back to the close-up)
 Don’t be mistaken, Sensei.
 The disaster that struck Abydos was not our doing.
 The sandstorms that struck the school were unusual, but not outside the realm of possibility. Such is the nature of natural disaster.
 We merely took advantage of the opportunity.
 Imagine providing water to someone dying of thirst in a desert. Would it not be fair to expect that person to repay you with their life?
 This is no different.
 Such stories are commonplace. What we’re doing is not unprecedented, nor can be held accountable.
 We’re not responsible for these natural disasters, and they certainly wouldn’t disappear even if we left.
 Those with power exploit those without. Those with knowledge exploit those without.
 Every adult knows that to be true. Isn’t that right?
 So walk away from Abydos, Sensei.
 Give up Hoshino, and the school will be spared.
 Kaiser PMC’s forces present no challenge for us.
 Your students can continue attending Abydos to the best of their meager abilities.
 Isn’t that what Hoshino wanted? What do you say?
 Why?
 Why are you so desperate to stand in our way? You are powerless!
 How do you plan to fight us?!
 …
 An interesting weapon of choice, Sensei.
 I’ve never concerned myself with such quotidian matters, but I understand the rules to its system.
 The more you use it, the more it eats away at your life and time.
 Is that what you want?
 Put your card away, Sensei. You have your own life to live.
 You need to eat, ride the subway, pay rent, and deal with trivial, mundane things like that.
 In fact, that’s all we ask of you. Live your life and take care of your responsibilities. Any one of those matters much more than the struggles of these children.
 So just leave it be.
 None of this concerns you.
 Why…? Why? Why Why? Why?! WHY?!
 I don’t understand. Why? I can’t fathom it. Why would you refuse?
 Why, Sensei? For what?
 *fade to back*
 *fade back*
 You can’t be serious.
 So you’re going to offer to? You’re not their guardian or their family.
 you’re a stranger. You wandered into Abydos on business that happened to lead to you meeting those children.
 Why on earth would you go through so much trouble? Why put the onus on yourself.
 …
 Oh. Now I understand.
 You’re saying that an adult is someone who takes responsibility.
 No, Sensei. That’s where you’re wrong.
 Adults are the ones who transform society, set rules and laws, designate the norm, and define the boundary between ordinary and extraordinary.
 Adults rule the aimless with authority, the ignorant with knowledge, and the weak with power. That is what it means to be an adult.
 Someone like you.
 You could have ruled over all of Kivotos. You had it all for a brief moment.
 unfathomable power and authority over this city, its Mystics…
 Yet you threw it all away without a moment’s hesitation.
 I don’t understand.
 Tell me—why make such a choice? Truth, influence, riches, power… Your choice left you with none of those. So why?!
 …
 Very well. These negotiations are over.
 I did like you, but you’ve left me with no choice.
 Do you wish to save Hoshino, Sensei?
 She’s being held in the lab of the PMC base at the center of the Abydos Desert. Mimesis has shown us the dark side of what a Mystic is capable of.
 terror. Now we shall see if the same is true of a living student through experiment.
 Hoshino is our guinea pig to use however we want.
 And if she doesn’t produce results, we’ll move on to the wolf god. Though even that doesn’t seem to be a feasible option at this point.
 Rescue your kidnapped student…
 …if you can.
 …
 Sensei.
 Gematria will be keeping an eye on you from now on.
 Please speak, Maestro.
 …
 …
 Hahaha! What’s done is done, both of you.
 Let’s not lose our heads over semantics. No offense, Golconde.
 Beatrice, you’ve secured your own estate in Kivotos. This alone makes her invaluable to our plan, Maestro
 Haha! You’re only speaking the truth, Golconde. I’ll admit, I didn’t factor the teacher into my plans.
 A nuisance, yes. But an asset if they can be persuaded to our side.
 …
 Always happy to help. The nameless priests’ technology proved more helpful than I expected.
 …
 Hm… I can’t necessarily say I agree.
 …I’m well aware. Do as you wish, Beatrice.
 What I’m much more curious about however, is what your plans are for the Arius district.
 Fascinating. To what end?
 Haha! You certainly aren’t the type to enter into a fair pact. But your methods fulfill the conditions all the same. Excellent work.
 And you really believe Sensei is powerful enough to stand in your way?
 …Squad, hm?
 …!
 …
