 “I must have dozed off for a bit.”
 “I feel like I had some kind of dream…”
 “Sorry about that.”
 “I’m an adult. Someone has to take responsibility.”
 “Hanako.”
 “What’s this all about, Hanako?”
 “You said you made a pact with the Sisterhood.”
 “I advise the Make-Up Work Club, so Hanako is still MY student.”
 “Yeah. You can do this.”
 “I think Hanako should reserve the right to say ‘no’ when she wants to.”
 “We owe you one.”
 “You did good, Hanako.”
 “With Nagisa?”
 “…”
 “I’m kind of worried about her.”
 “And Mika too.”
 “,,.”
 “It still feels like something’s missing..”
 “Could this have started with Mika wanting to tease Seia?”
 “Maybe.”
 “But what if Mika really did want to reconcile with Arius?”
 “Can we prove anyone has ever reached paradise?”
 “In other words, how can you prove someone else’s sincerity?”
 “Seemingly”
 “There’s no point in trying to prove the impossible.”
 “That’s why you have to have faith.”
 “You have to believe in paradise, and you have to put trust in others.”
 “I do my best to sympathize with them, even if it comes to that.”
 “It’s a sensei’s job to trust their students.”
 “Adults have a responsibility to lead by example.”
 *The scene shows Mika and the Tea Party Terrace*
 “I have faith that those two will make up some day.”
 “I hope Nagisa and Mika can open up to each other.”
 *Scene changes again to Nagisa*
 “Maybe not now, but someday surely.”
 *Scene goes back to normal*
 “Maybe once the Eden Treaty has been put to rest.”
 “I’d like to bring them together and talk.”
 “Hopefully, all of us can bury the hatchet and move on.”
 “It’s the only thing we can do.”
 “Uh…hi, You’re Gehenna’s student council president?”
 “Come again?”
 “Everything all right, Ako?”
 “Already taken care of.”
 “Just calm down.”
 “Speaking of Hina, where is she?”
 “There’s still a lot of work to be done.”
 “I’ll still have a lot to do after the treaty is signed.”
 “I thought I was transparent. Want to know more about the swimsuit symposium?”
 “But I trust you more than anyone, Hina.”
 “Have you told Ako about your plans to retire?”
 “All right. Thanks, Hina.”
 *And so another day passed.*
 *At last, the day of the Eden Treaty’s signing had come.*
 *A news report regarding the Eden Treaty is shown*
 What Comes Next  - END
 [Episode 5] Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.1
 “Kronos’ Shinon comments on the Eden Treaty signing ceremony. Meanwhile, Hifumi and the Make-Up Work Club gather at a diner to celebrate the club’s dissolution.”
 *The scene starts with a news report from Kawaru Shinon of Kronos*
 “*yawn* Man, this is boring.”
 Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.1 - END
 [Episode 6] Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony Pt.2
 “With Tsurugi’s help, Sensei visits the Cathedral of Communion and Hinata explains Trinity’s history. Meanwhile, the Arius Squad launches missiles at the Pandemonium Society and Prefect Team as they set forth from Gehenna”
 *The scene starts on the Cathedral Central Hall*
 “(I guess I could wander around to pass the time.)”
 *Sensei gets interrupted by Guards*
 “Uh, about that...”
 “Last I checked, I AM personnel.”
 “Thanks, Tsurugi. Sorry for all the trouble.”
 “She’s a sweet girl deep down.”
 “Thanks for your help too. You’re…Hinata, right?”
 “We’d have been goners if not for the Sisterhood.”
 “Will other Sisters be in attendance too?”
 “Thanks. I’d like that.”
 “This place is something else.”
 “You weren’t kidding.”
 “Guardians?”
 “Like the Justice Task Force of today.”
