 Ah, where are my manners. I am Descartes.
 I am the leader of this organization, the Pursuers of Non-Possessive Happiness, or the Pursuers for short.
 You mean to say you’ve never heard of our organization?
 We are well-known amongst those pursuing a lifestyle of minimalism and peace. To not have heard of us, you must lead an egregious life of excess.
 Of course, I already knew that.
 I already knew that you’re a selfish human who orders your minions to rob poor folk of their food!
 Don’t play dumb! I have seen you and these rabbit-eared students plotting and scheming together!
 It makes no difference what they’re called.
 We call them greedy pigs. You are sabotaging our path to enlightenment.
 …Society calls us by many names.
 Leeches, NEETs, Homeless, Good-for-Nothing Layabouts…
 But such names are facetious. To call us layabouts…!
 We are the noble ones pursuing non-possessiveness!
 The people of Kivotos today wish to possess everything they lay their eyes upon.
 The newest tanks, expensive rifles, cozy bunkers that block missiles…
 And so they buy more and more, wishing to fill the gaping hole within them with possessions. The more they purchase, the bigger it grows, until it consumes their very being!
 True happiness comes not from having, but from NOT having…
 One must be willing to release their attachment to worldly possessions, to let go of the shackles of society and only indulge in what we must to survive! To be free!
 We are not leeches upon society. We chose this life: to not work, to not own, to not possess.We freed ourselves of material greed and instead feed our souls with our impoverished lifestyle.
 But then, in the midst of our noble pursuit, a group of intruders arrived.
 These intruders donned rabbit ears and the most expensive equipment on the market. Their insatiable appetite knew no bounds, plundering every bento they could lay their greedy fingers upon.
 They’re like a virus, devouring all in sight. They refuse to leave behind even a mung bean sprout bento…
 Yakiniku bentos are so popular that they’re rarely discarded as it is… To monopolize such a luxury solely for themselves…
 The senselessness is a slap in the face to all we stand for!
 I-I… Well… You see…
 Don’t change the subject! Either way, we cannot just stand idly by and allow this squad of rabbits or bunnies or what have you to carry on with their greedy acts.
 Now, the reason I brought you here is to make a demand.
 As the leader of these miscreants, you will tell them that from now on, all yakiniku bentos belong to the pursuers!
 Student or subordinate, what does it matter? As their teacher, simply make them listen to you.
 Don’t look at me like that. Are you truly so incompetent you cannon control your students?
 I didn’t want it to come to this.
 Don’t move an inch. I’ll call them on your cell phone and make my demands.
 Now, where is the RABBIT Squad in your contacts list?
 Here it is.
 Phone rings and picks up
 Am I speaking to the leader of the RABBIT Squad?
 We are the Pursuers of Non-possessive Happiness, or the Pursuers for short, a collective of monks in this city in search of true happiness. We are noble–
 Miyako hangs up
 They…hung up?
 Ugh… This is why enlightenment eludes these deplorable students…
 Phone rings and picks up
 Hello? Don’t hang up, this isn’t a prank call.
 We have your precious Sensei hostage. If you don’t meet our demands, you’ll never see Sensei again.
 They just hung up?! Again?
 Are you really their Sensei? How could these callous students not show the slightest bit of concern for you? What is wrong with all of you?
 Drat! I thought our plan was flawless! I was supposed to be rolling in expensive bentos by the end of this…
 I didn’t plan for their absolute lack of enlightenment!
 You, personally?
 I’ll allow it. However, trying to call the police would end very badly for everyone.
 The Pursuers are all very heavily armed, and not afraid to fight for our noble cause!
 Hah! Did you think your precious students would care if they heard your voice?
 You got hung up on! Just like me!
 Ugh. The only way to salvage this situation is to blackmail some other students with the Sensei.
 click
 ?
 A bomb explodes
 Bahahaha! You completely fell for our plan!
 You came here driven by your human desire and were led astray by it!
 Imbeciles like you who are driven by greed are consumed by it until it leads them into utter ruin!
 Of course there’s no wagyu bento here. They always sell out immediately when they’re in stock.
 But what we do have here, is a lesson of the joys of non-possession.
 Comrades, rise! Let us instill our noble cause in these greedy goblins!
 Clap
 Alarms blaring with marching
 C-Comrades? Where are you running? The enemy is still there…
 Wait, no! You have to fight for me!
 Gunshots and explosions
 Oh no… My precious base… All my expensive decorations I worked so hard to collect… It’s all burning…
 Shut up! Shut up! Everyone likes nice, expensive things!
 You… If it weren’t for you…
 Scene change
 Wait… Keep your greedy paws off that!
 I’ve been saving that high-quality canned food from Gentsuma to have with a drink!
 Loot? LOOT?! That’s my STUFF.
 It’s all mine! My things. My precious possessions. My everything! You can’t have it!
 Ghh… Arrrgh…!
 You leeches! NEEDs! You useless hobos! Why the hell don’t you go out and work to earn your own food?!
 If you’re so strong, why’re you scrounging over expired bentos anyway?! Go get a real job! Be mercenaries or something! I don’t care!
 Hmph! Well then you really shouldn’t have stolen our bentos in the first place.
 Citizens in poverty battle for survival every day. You think you can just flash your big, fancy weapons and bully everyone into doing what you want? Huh?!
 You… You hypocrites!
 Shut up! I deserve to eat yakiniku bentos too!
 Didn’t you see?! The glowing look of greed in their murderous little eyes…
 It’s just as I said. Attachment to material possessions blinds people with greed, which inevitably leads to violence!
 Me?! Blinded by greed?
 Nuh-uh! Not in a million years!
 I am an enlightened one! I understand what true value is in this lost society!
 I may have lost comrades today, but I can rebuild!
 Actually…I just had a thought. Sensei, why don’t you join the Pursuers yourself?
 All you must do to join is prove your commitment to non-possessiveness and give up a very, very small portion of your things.
 No, dammit! I’m asking you for help!
 Pursuers! Short for the Pursuers of Non-Possessive Happiness!
 Thanks to you guys, most of them have left me…
 I told you greed was evil! The Public Peace Bureau of the Valkyrie Police School have driven the rest of us out by force and destroyed our treasured possessions. My things!
 I’m not stupid! I saw them, I swear!
 That psychopath went postal in our beloved sanctuary, swinging around some crazy weapon I’ve never seen!
 That’s it?! You think this doesn’t affect you too?
 It wasn’t just us! The Public Peace Bureau was raiding the entire city, kicking out every vagrant and homeless person they could find.
 They could be here any minute!
 Gunfire
 Augh!
 !
 S-Stop it! I’m not an intruder! I’m saluting you!
 You…You unintelligent hooligans!
 No matter how I twist it, and trust me, I tried, a monk in pursuit of enlightenment such as myself has to pay my debts where they’re due.
 …So… Well… You’ve done me a great service. More or less.
 I know the RABBIT Squad risked life and limb raiding the Valkyrie Police School to get evidence of their evil crimes and expose them.
 We’ve been able to reclaim our sanctuary in Kousagi Town and Pursuers have been tricking back into the fold one by one. Thanks to you… I guess.
 I know it wasn’t for us, but we can’t deny you’ve helped us.
 So I’ve bought you some of our most revered food. To repay our debt.
 !
 Please! We’re city-dwelling seekers enlightened in the ways of non-possession. Naturally, I’ve most generously brought you the absolute best of what we have.
 Drumroll, please!
 Voila! A chicken bone karaage!
 …
 Correct! And it’s no ordinary karaage! This luxury
 item is made from deep-fried bones! I mean… You can’t eat it, but…
 If you chew and suck on the bones, it’s almost
 the same as eating a fried chicken! Without the calories!
 To sweeten the deal, you can always enjoy a
 fresh can of beer while sucking on the bone to pretend you’re actually eating!
 Please, don’t rush to thank me at once.
 …
 N-N-No way! It’s fried chicken! Can’t you unenlightened idiots see that?!
 You dare insult this masterpiece I’ve so generously offered you?!
 Food waste this, combustible waste that…
 You clearly have learned nothing about non-possessiveness! You…You gluttonous pigs don’t understand the value of this delectable dish!
 I should’ve known better! The Pursuers can never coexist with the greed that reeks from your soul!
