 Hmm, looks like the situation’s pretty much handled. Let’s pack it up, everyone. Back to the office, Anyone want a donut?
 Looks like it! This must be a bigger deal than we thought.
 Heehee. Kirino got yelled at.
 Please tell me you’re joking!
 What am I supposed to do against the SRT?
 W-Wait! This wasn’t all just a bad joke?! You want us to fight the SRT elites?
 Even the Security and Public Peace Bureaus couldn’t handle them, This has to be a bad dream.
 Ugh… If I knew this was gonna happen, I would’ve taken sick leave…
 I couldn’t care less about the Security Bureau, but a vacation on the other hand…
 I can’t say no to that.
 Thanks so much for the password. Bye-bye, little rabbit.
 …
 I didn’t think even a child could be tricked by my method, let alone some elites…
 I mean, it was Sensei’s plan, but I did pretty good on the spot, right?
 I can’t wait for my month-long vacation. Heehee.
 I have to wait until next month for my vacation?
 Hmph.
 Why do you say that like it’s a good thing?
 If that’s the reward, I hope I have the option to say no.
 Sooo, what’s your name again?
 I just needed your name…
 You can calm down… Torturing you would be way too much effort.
 You just have to explain why you did what you did and we can not get outta here.
 Why? We’re probably the safest school you could transfer to.
 I see… So you’re scared of people?
 Hey, I actually have an idea.
 Why don’t you join the Public Safety Bureau? There’s only a few of us, so you’d get in easy.
 I chose it because you don’t have to do anything! I just get to eat donuts and avoid people.
 Um… I mean I think never is kinda impossible.
 We do still have to do some things. Like weird civil complaints and stuff.
 *yawn* I’m sleepy…
 What’s all this commotion in the middle of the
 night?
 What kind of world do we live in? A petty thief invading a police school of all places.
 And why’d they wake up anyone and everyone? The Security Bureau can deal with some thief.
 They’ve got the situation under control. I’ll just do a quick patrol on my way back.
 Hm…?
 …
 This is the worst trap I’ve
 ever seen in my life.
 I know we all have a
 reputation for loving donuts, but a blatant trap like this in
 our main building is just ridiculous.
 What kind of stupid moron would fall for this obvious trap…
 With marshmallows? In that case…
 Thanks for the treat!
 Explosion
 Y-You got me!
 Fubuki falls
 That shot went to the moon…
 Hmm. I don’t remember. The only thing I know is I have a limited-edition donut in my hand.
 You want a bite, Kirino?
 <<To be Continued>>
 19 - Time to Grow Up
 Kanna appears in front of the squad members on the roof and confrtons them. Kanna is angry and thinks that the SRT Academy, which has been conducting operations under privileges of immunity, doesn't deserve to discuss justice. But Sensei points out her own immaturity , and Kanna is stunned into retreat. The RABBIT Squad returns safely to camp, hands over the evidence to Sensei, and falls asleep.
 [Valkyrie Police School Main Building Rooftop]
