 Hahaha! Shall we all try some breathing exercises together? Perhaps if you keep your voices down.
 What an entertaining conundrum! On one hand, our distinguished Maestro claims the Mimesis process belongs to he who harnessed it.
 But then our dearest Madame asserts one cannot claim ownership just because one holds the leash! Fascinating, fascinating!
 …
 She’s subdued every single one of those angry little students in the Arius district! Hahaha! It’s a wonderful step forward for us all.
 I mean, did we not see the disaster that was Black Suit’s Abydos… Oh, dear! Why, that was rather rude of me!
 What if we could turn them into one of us? Like we did with Beatrice! She could certainly use a friend.
 …
 Oh, please! I only had the recipe. Without our esteemed cook, there would have been no bomb.
 I actually felt a little bad about that! Hahaha! Didn’t our little masterpiece get you into trouble?
 Beatrice is all fired up! She’s found herself a worthy opponent!
 …
 …
 One, two, three, four… I only count four!
 Now, now. Let's skip the theatrics. I am terribly sorry if I surprised you. I am Golconde of Gematria.
 Although introductions may be unnecessary, Sensei. We've met before. Maybe. Maybe not. Who knows!
 Put those silly little weapons down. I'm only here to retrieve Madame.
 I'm not in the business of picking a fool's fight! Not all Gematria can turn into monsters like Madame, after all.
 And yes, yes. Madame, this was not your story to enter, and Sensei was not your rival. Even I can SEE that! Hahaha, get it?
 The events, conflicts, and processes you started are now insignificant bygones.
 My beautiful Madame. You aren't the main character nor the antagonist. Instead, look up the term "plot device" in the dictionary.
 Sensei, wherever you intervene, you rewrite the story with your desired ending. If not for you, our poor Madame would have been successful.
 Your chosen form of conflict resolution was believing in your students? A bit bland and overdone, if you ask me.
 Oh dear, oh dear. HaveI made you uncomfortable? That's ever so rude of me.
 I'll return with Madame now. Please, stand up, Madame.
 Black screen
 Do you plan to stop me? I would strongly recommend against that, Sensei.
 I can utilize various tools. The halo-destroying bomb you have is one of my creations.
 Oh my, I wouldn't detonate it in this holy place. It wouldn't be effective against you at all. Not a tiny bit.
 I never was able to confirm if it could successfully destroy a halo. Hm. I suppose I'll just throw it away.
 Madame, your experiment has failed. Off we go.
 Excuse us. I'll see you again, Sensei.
 Beatrice and Golconde leave
 <<To be Continued>>
 25 - Someone Special
 After successfully rescuing Atsuko, Saori tells Sensei that she will pay for all her sins. However, Sensei tells her to focus on living her life and leaves to find Mika. Meanwhile, Mika is fighting against Barbara and the Council, but she reaches her limit and is about to give up. At that moment, Sensei appears to Mika's surprise. Sensei is furious with Barbara and the Council for hurting their student.
