 You’re going to hurt Sensei’s feelings if you keep saying things like that, Koharu. Keep in mind that Sensei is only here to help us…Besides, it isn’t their fault that you failed that exam.
 Goodness, Azusa. Are you trying to tell Koharu that she isn’t intelligent?
 You mean that life is agony, torment, and misery like she said? That’s deep.
 Haha. I dunno. Getting expelled doesn’t seem like the end of the world. Rather…
 ...
 I think this needs something more than a cliche like “put our heads together” to solve. What if we thought outside the box instead? What if we thought outside the box? Something like…”Let’s put our bodies together!”
 My, you don’t have a very active imagination, do you Koharu? We could always try it out together.
 Hanako slowly approaches Koharu one step at a time.
 Here I come!
 Are you here for me?
 You didn’t mean to leave it open, then? I walked right through when I heard what sounded like someone looking for me. Can I help you? I didn’t expect to see a teacher here. You must be the one in charge of the Make-Up Work Club, yes?
 Hmm? Is there a problem, Miss Shimoe?
 Hmm? But the school swimming pool is on school grounds as well…Do you prefer to swim without a swimsuit,Miss Shimoe?
 I never expected you to be the kind to skinny dip. Then again, I have heard that the Justice Task Force likes to lead by example.
 Are we insisting that nudism is the only acceptable lifestyle? How avant-garde. Radical, certainly, but perhaps worth exploring…
 Oh, my. Are they all coming to get a peep at me as well?
 Ta-ta, everyone. I’m a little preoccupied, so you’ll have to see me some other time.
 Koharu and Hanako both leave.
 I don’t understand. I know we have a dress code, so that’s why I chose to wear my school swimsuit.
 Oh, so these are the other members of the Make-Up Work Club?
 What do we do now, President Ajitani? A group of young girls, alone with someone far more experienced in a secluded classroom after school…My, how scandalous.
 …
 Oh? Is Miss Shirasi a transfer student? It’s rare for someone to transfer into Trinity…
 Hmm…You wouldn’t mind me calling you Azusa, would you?
 Wonderful! My clubmates Azusa, Hifumi, and Koharu. I like the sound of that. We’re soldiers fighting in the trenches that is make-up work. You may act like an ice queen, Azusa, but I can tell you have a sweet side. Heehee.
 This can’t be right. Koharu’s eyes look like they’re filled with hate for some reason!
 Refuse to accept what?
 Hmm. You have a point. I don’t see the need for us to treat each other any differently based on class year. I’m okay with that.
 Skip a grade? Why would you want to do that?
 Um, but that’s how you failed, isn’t it? I could understand trying it once, but why continue doing it after failing?
 Aren’t Koharu’s little mood swings the cutest? On the other hand, it’s adorable how Azusa never changes.
 I think I’m going to like it here. Heehee.
 Hmm? This problem is about prime factorization. You can use divisibility rules here. All you have to do is…
 Hmm? Are you stuck on something, Koharu?
 FYI, the page you’re on right now won’t be on the exam.
 It’s the first verse of an ancient epic. It translates to, “O goddess of poetry, sing a song of rage.”
 That’s a translation of an ancient language. Hold on a second. Let me grab a dictionary so we can understand it better.
 Correct. That’s the slogan of the second council. More importantly, can you read that language, Azusa?
 Heehee.
 Here goes nothing. Heehee.
 Heehee.
 Oh my…
 2.
 I’ve been told I give off that vibe, but that doesn’t mean I get good grades/
 Failed
 We’re finally here! So, this is where our book camp is going to be?
 When I heard we’d be going to an unused annex, I just assumed it wouldn't be furnished at all. So much for sleeping naked together on the cold, hard floor. But it’s actually quite comfy-looking and spacious. Even the beds are really cute! I’m so glad we don't have to be on the floor when we sleep naked together! ♥
 A shame. Well, the day is still young. Let’s see if you change your tune later tonight. ♥
 Oh yeah. She was with us just a minute ago.
 Oh, my. You’re so thorough, Azusa.
 Naturall. Preparedness is the key to survival.
 Heeheehee. Eating together, sleepingtogether, studying toward the same goal…Doesn’t boot camp sound absolutely divine?
 I didn’t say anything at all. I haven’ the faintest idea of what you’re talking about.
 My, you’re so strict.
 Wait a minute. Don’t you think there’s something else we should do first?
 No…I mean cleaning.♥
 Yes! The exterior’s been maintained, but the inside is so dusty and dirty from not having been used in so long, don't you think? How can that be good for us? They say a healthy body leads to a healthy mind, so let’s start off by giving this place a good cleaning before we hit the books!
 Okie doke!
 Goodness. Am I the last to arrive?
 Oh?
 But it’s easy to move in, and I’m used to getting…dirty when I wear it.
 What’s the big deal;? It’s just us here.
 Aw.
 Okie dokie!
 Don’t worry, Hifumi. I’ll take care of the bedroom. We’ll be spending a lot of time here, so it needs some extra tender love and care. The bedding should be dry this afternoon if we wash and hang it now. And we should replace the old mattresses with unused ones from other rooms. Ventilation is also of the utmost importance since we’re sleeping here.
 Heeheehee. Of course. ♥
 Another fade out, but then it goes to a montage of the classroom, gym, cafeteria, and finally we are brought outside.
 The outdoor pool.
 Are you sure? We may not have use for it, but seeing a pool properly filled with water is important regardless. Imagine it. Our camp grounds glittering from a full pool, girls running around and playing outside…Wouldn’t that imagine alone lift our spirits?
 Vanitas vanitatum. It’s an expression that means the vanity of vanities-all is vain, in other words. There was an ancient, wise saying like that…Listen up, Azusa! You too, Hifumi and Koharu!  We’re going to swim and play in the water together!
 Obviously, we’re going to clean the pool, fill it up, and jump in! We can start studying tomorrow, can’t we? We’ve worked hard enough today, so let’s take some time to relax. We’re sure to burn out studying if we just keep pushing ourselves! Come on, ladies! It’s time to start the pool cleaning. So go get changed and prepare to get wet!
 Well, don’t just stand there! You took, Koharu. Go after her and get changed. It can be your swimsuits or anything. Like I said, as long as you’re ready to get wet.
 Don’t be like that, Koharu. ♥
 Hanako slowly approaches Koharu as Koharu begins to panic.
 I love it! You all did exactly as I asked.♥
 Great! Are we ready to get down and dirty?♥
 What’s wrong, Koharu?
 Yes. I fail to see the contradiction.
 Hmm. That’s difficult to answer. Some people like different things. I suppose you could say this is my…preference.
 What do you think feels better to get wet in? A swimsuit or a schoolgirl uniform?
 I’m only teasing you. And I am wearing a swimsuit underneath my uniform. It’s a bikini I bought with some spare pocket change.
 Don’t you remember? You forbade me from wearing my school swimsuit earlier, but I figured this personal one would be a loophole. And besides, my school-issued one is already in the laundry, so this is all I have. Think you can let it slide?
 Look! I can make a rainbow with the hose!
 That’s because this water comes straight from the lake next to Trinity. It should even be clean enough to drink from!
 I’m sorry. I didn’t account for the time to fill with water.
 Are you still with us, Koharu? You look like you’re about to fall asleep on your feet.
 Let’s go back in, shall we?
 The scene transitions to the club’s bedroom, the students wearing their gym clothes again.
 Nice work out there, ladies. Let’s get some rest.
 But of course. I’ll be sure to remember that.
 …
 You’re still up too, Azusa? And you’re in your uniform.
 Here? And did you really get enough sleep? You seem exhausted.
 …
 That’s not really the issue here.
 Well okay. Don’t stay up too late Azusa.
 Azusa leaves
 ...
 Once more the screen goes dark.
 And so the first night of boot camp passed.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 13- First Mock Exam
 The scene starts inside the bedroom the Make-Up Work Club is using.
 Good morning, Azusa! You look chipper today.♥
 I think our little Hifumni had a long night last night. It might taker her a while to get out of bewd.
 Aw. It looks like they’re going to be bath time buddies after all.
 Ah, sweet skinship.♥
 I am!♥
 Would you like me to wash you next time, Koharu?
 Right.
 Well, this is sudden.
 Oh, this one takes me back. ♥
 4 Points (Fail)
 Well, then.
 Well I did, but…
 I’m amazed at how you prepared this for us in so little time.
 Ah, I should have known this was your touch.
 Momo…Friends?
 Nope. I think it’s my first time.
 Oh, now I remember. You have this Peroro on your bag and phone case, don’t you? It’s the one that has its tongue hanging out, drooling like it’s begging for something, right?
 Well, then!
 Azusa…? You’re starting to scare me.
 …
 I can’t tell who’s having more fun right now: Azusa or Hifumi.♥
 Well, well. They’re getting along nicely, aren’t they? It must be because they grew so close once they established a skinship.♥
 That’s some tasty-looking smut you’re hauling around.
 I didn’t know you read this kind of stuff. No use hiding it, little missy. It says “Adult Only” right there on the cover.
 Who do you think you’re fooling? I know erotica when I see it-especially the kind that’s a little…harder than usual. This is the good stuff. The kind you can’t find at Trinity-rare throughout all of Kivotos! The kind of steamy, raunchy, titillating goodness that leaves you screaming and throwing your rationality right out the window! Why do you of all people have something like this in your possession? Surely it’s against school rules, yes?
 But it was in your bag, wasn’t it? And you brought it alllllll the way to boot camp. Seems like you couldn’t leave home without it. WHo would have guessed that the stubborn and prudish Koharu could be so naughty? Actually, now that I think about it, I don’t blame you. We are going to be at boot camp for quite a while. ♥
 I may have gone a little too far. I was just so exited to have someone I could relate to.
 So that’s what happened. I have heard rumors that the basement of the old library is filled with stacks of forbidden books. No doubt that some of it was confiscated by the Justice Task Force. Still, isn’t this a conundrum/ you could get in serious trouble for carrying this around now that you’re a member of the Make-Up Work Club.
 Can’t you sneak back into the Justice Task Force headquarters?
 That sounds like a wonderful idea. You’re a lot less likely to get on Hasumi’s bad side if Sensei’s with you. Hey, Koharu. Try not to “accidently” sneak away the sequel on your way back.
 Are you forgetting? Hifumi slept in so long this morning that she didn’t get the chance to take a shower.
 She has a good point, but it’s not like we have a luxurious bathouse where we can all spread out and get to know each other better. Oh, I know. What if instead we all went skinny dipping in the pool next time? It’ll be just as good as a bathhouse!
 Think about how liberating it would feel…and so much fun! Heehee!♥
 Really? I had you pegged for the type that would totally be into skinny dipping. Was I wrong?
 Hmmm. In that case…
 Hanako slowly approaches Koharu.
 The bikini I was wearing at the pool yesterday…
 Would that really count as a swimsuit?
 It’s funny how many different types of lingerie there are these days. Some of them can easily pass as swimsuits at first glance. ♥
 Goodness. Why are you shaking so much? So what if it wasn’t a swimsuit? How would that change the experience we shared, Koharu?
 What’s the difference between a swimsuit and underwear to begin with? Waterproofing? Body protection? Design? The exposed areas? They’re no different from the outside looking in, right? And that’s why you believed me when I said it was a swimsuit, didn’t you?
 What if I turned around and said it really was just my bra and panties? How could that be proven either? What’s the point in being told a truth that you can’t trust or prove for yourself?
 Heeheehee! It was a bathing suit. Sorry, it’s just so fun teasing you. I can’t help myself. ♥
 …?!
 ...
 I’m surprised you knew that.That would mean…Azusa! Have you met Seia before?
 …That’s right, you were a transfer student. So if you didn’t hear it at Trinity…”Vanitas vanitatum…” And another academy…Forget i said anything. It’s already getting pretty late, so we should get some sleep. Good night, everyone!
 …Is she on another one of her night patrols?...
 We come again to the Make-Up Work Club bedroom
 …
 I thought Sakurako might be boring you to tears, so I came to your rescue.
 You’re such a stick in the mud. Smile! Live a little! Take a walk on the beach—find something dirty to read!
 Something tells me you’d be just the type to get into it. ♡
 Of course not.
 *A flashback starts, the scene changes to the church with Mari, Sakurako and Hanako*
 Sensei? What are you doing here?
 Oh. That…
 Goodness…
 Mari…
 You weren’t, Mari.
 You don’t need to be ashamed or apologize. If anyone was selfish, it was me for making you worry like that.
 I’m sorry, Mari.
 Rest assured that dropping out is the furthest thing from my mind now.
 Absolutely. I learned a lot while in the Make-Up Work Club, including the value of struggling and pushing myself just a little bit more. Isn’t that right, Sensei?
 …
 How devious. I still can’t believe you asked for my help in creating a school rule that prohibits clothing in classrooms. All-nude lessons only!
 *The background returns to normal*
 To think the Sisterhood had such naughty ambitions. I shouldn’t have expected anything less of you, Sakurako. This truly is an organization shrouded in mystery.
 I thought the clause that allowed Sisterhood members to still wear a veil while nude was a nice touch, though.
 *The background is completely covered in pink and filled with hearts and bubbly effects*
 Completely exposed with nothing on but a veil. My, what a daring way to show off the Sisterhood’s privileges.
 *The background returns to normal*
 I gave you my word, so I have no choice but to cooperate with this plan of yours! I’ll make sure this rule is passed if it’s the last thing I do!
 However, I can’t go along with the favoritism your veil exception creates. So I propose an addendum that allows all other students to still wear socks!
 Make that one concession and I promise you that your rule will pass!
 Are you sure?
 Oh, thaaaaaat. Now I remember.
 *The scene returns to normal*
 I supposed I can do that…
 Sensei…
 The nude attendance matter, obviously! ♡
 Right.
 Okay, getting serious… We already know the one who attacked Seia was our little Azusa—Shirasu Azusa.
 Seia’s room was destroyed at 3AM on the night of the attack, but records indicate the infiltration should have been around 2AM.
 Meaning the intruder, Azusa, was with Seia for about an hour.
 Azusa hasn’t told me. However…
 *The scene transitions to a counseling room with Hifumi, Azusa and Hanako in it*
 …
 Her injuries have healed at least. Her being comatose remains a mystery.
 Mika had completely obfuscated her involvement. There would have been no way for a foot soldier like Azusa to know.
 Thank you, Sakurako!
 Why, thank you!
 It would be our pleasure.
 *Sakurako and Mari leaves the room*
 Phew. At least the situation with Azusa’s enrollment has been cleared up.
 Same to you, but there’s still so much more to be done.
 Especially as far as Nagisa and Mika are concerned.
 Oh, speaking of which, I heard Hifumi met with her not too long ago.
 Yeah, that’s what she told me. I guess they had a lot to clear the air about.
 *Scene changes to the Tea Party Terrace*
 I-I’m glad their misunderstanding is cleared up, but it looks like the joke I played on Nagisa may have gone a little too far.
 Nagisa has also been meeting with others to issue proper apologies for everything that happened.
 *Scenarios of Nagisa apologizing to Koharu, Hasumi and Hanako*
 She even gave one to me, and I told her I was sorry for being such a troublemaker.
 …
 She’s no longer wallowing in doubt and paranoia…but I also think she’s lost a bit of her edge.
 Yeah, so am I.
 You are…?
 I’ve been wanting to ask you what you think of her motives, actually.
 *Flashback starts on the Dark Gym with Mika*
 It’s hard to know what their relationship was truly like from the outside looking in, but Nagisa and Mika were supposed to be childhood friends.
 Opposites attract, as they say. Nagisa was always diligent and overly cautions, whereas Mika was the free-spirited spontaneous one.
 Maybe they drifted apart and weren’t as close as they seemed…
 …but it still shocked me to hear Mika would betray Nagisa just because of her hatred of Gehenna.
 That’s why I arranged to meet with her through the Sisterhood.
 *Scene fades to black*
 Though when I went to see her, someone else was already there first.
 *Scene changes to Mika’s cell*
 Why lie to her like that?
 Yes, but this isn’t a personal visit. I’m here on business.
 …
 I’ve been performing a postmortem investigation on your actions based on all the information I’ve received from the Sisterhood.
 In other words, I’ve been analyzing what Misono Mika’s motive was.
 You tried to destroy the Eden Treaty because of your hatred of Gehenna. That much is clear.
 What I don’t know is who goaded you into that decision or why you ultimately teamed up with Arius to become the new host.
 Your Initial plan was probably to simply abduct Seia and hold her captive. Really, that’s all that needs to happen for the title of host to change hands.
 But Arius’ Squad had different plans. They were out to destroy Seia’s halo from the very beginning.
 That isn’t where the story ends, though.
 You were initially told that Seia was dead.
 And I’m guessing that’s when you began to have a mental breakdown.
 You likely fell into panic. You became a “murderer” in your own mind, and nothing was going to convince you otherwise.
 There was no turning back. You weren’t going to stop until you achieved what you set out to do. What other choice was there?
 You must have been wallowing in despair and driven by destructive impulse.
 No, but I do have a very good memory.
 *Flashback starts on the Dark Gym with Mika*
 There are a few other things that don’t add up.
 I was under the impression there really was a traitor out there, but I didn’t think she would reveal herself then and there.
 After all, that would mean throwing away her biggest advantage: anonymity.
 No strategist would choose to do that. It doesn’t make any sense…
 You didn’t let me finish. It doesn’t make sense…unless you were afraid that Arius was going to kill Nagisa too.
 Isn’t that right? You were afraid they would kill her like they did Seia.
 *Flashback returns on the Dark Gym with Mika once again*
 You’re stronger than you’re given credit for, Mika. Sure, you proved you’re just as strong in combat as someone like the Justice Task Force’s president, but it’s more than that.
 I did my best to keep my composure during our confrontation, but in reality, I knew how precarious the situation was.
 I had to be prepared for the worst case scenario—that even the Sisterhood would be forced to retreat.
 Hanako	But then you surrendered. You were resigned after hearing that Seia was still alive.
 I just wanted…to…
 …
 I’ll be going now, Mika.
 I won’t share my speculations with anyone else. Not even Nagisa.
 I will. And I’ll keep all of this from Sensei too.
 That’s what you deserve for betraying Sensei, isn’t it?
 Take care, Mika.
 *A sound of a gate plays*
 So much for keeping quiet about it. That’s what she said.
 I just wanted to tease her a little bit,,,but I may have gone too far again.
 I should apologize to her some time for losing my composure like that.
 For now, I think that sums up everything we know about the incident.
 Mika despises Gehenna so much that she conspired against her fellow Tea Party members.
 She ordered the attack on Seia, which Squad carried out. That was when Azusa destroyed the room Seia was staying in.
 Each party was acting with their own motives in mind.
 The end result was them stepping on each other’s toes due to constant distrust and misunderstandings.
 That’s how we arrived where we are now. That’s everything we know, Sensei.
 Where’s this coming from?
 It’s a bit of an extreme thought experiment, but in that case…
 Hmm. Let’s consider Mika’s personality first.
 Everyone knows Mika and politics don’t mix, and despite the recent…revelations, that seems to hold true. She’s the type to act before weighing the pros and cons.
 Could it be that she was looking to get back at Seia for always admonishing her and treating her like a child.
 Admittedly, Seia is the type that can…push people’s buttons sometimes.
 Still, if Mika was just looking for a little friendly revenge, why involve Arius?
 It just doesn’t seem realistic. Actually, had she used that excuse, I would have called it too convenient.
 Don’t tell me you’re conceding on that idea already.
 …
 You’re proposing that she approached Arius in the hope of reconciling, but all they did was take advantage of her. They used her hatred for Gehenna against her.
 No, what you really mean is…
 …it’s impossible to know Mika’s true intentions from the outside looking in.
 The fifth koan…
 Those who reach paradise cannot be found—and should not exist—outside of paradise… Therein lies the paradox of trying to prove paradise’s existence.
 …
 That’s right. If we could truly understand someone else’s perspective, it wouldn’t be theirs anymore. In which case, it would be impossible to prove their sincerity.
 In this analogy, paradise would be the sincerity of others. Is that what you meant to say?
 That may be. It’s impossible to touch someone’s heart directly.
 We can’t prove the sincerity it holds, just as we can’t prove anyone has ever reached paradise.
 It’s a paradox, through and through. So it’s impossible to know anyone’s true intentions?
 …
 …
 I suppose you’re right.
 That’s how you’ve always been, Sensei. Even from the very beginning when there was so much doubt swirling and so many lies.
 *The scene shows the members of Make-Up Work Club, Hasumi, Hina, Nagisa and Seia*
 You were even fair to Mika and Nagisa.
 You’re the kind of person who will always trust their students…even if it leads to betrayal. Right?
 Why? How can you be so understanding?
 I think that’s a wonderful idea. I’d like for all of us to get together once all of this is over.
 There’s no reason we shouldn’t keep struggling to reach one another, right?
 You’re absolutely right.
 Postmortem Pt.3 - END
 [Episode 4] What Comes Next
 “A quiet peace follows in Trinity. Sensei goes to Gehenna to meet with Makoto and then Hina. They agree to meet again at the signing of the Eden Treaty and part ways.”
 *The scene starts with Tsurugi…*
 Hmm? What’s the matter, Hinata?
 *Hanako steps closer*
 Goodness, what a predicament. ♡
 Oh, It’s nothing. I’ve been saddled with taking care of the Sisterhood’s paperwork for the last few days when I could be doing other things. It’s only a teensy bit…    f r u s t r a t i n g. ♡
 It sure does, If only Sensei were here to enjoy it with us, but they’re busy with the Eden Treaty.
 Whatever do you mean? We’re all still clubmates after all.
 This is supposed to be the Make-Up Work Club’s farewell party. It wouldn’t be the same without you here.
 Sure. I’ll be by soon to pick up my confiscated kamasutra.
 Oh, it’s just a boring piece of classic literature. I find it soothing to read by the fountain, but it was confiscated for some reason.
 But I borrowed it from the library? You’d be destroying school property if you burned it.
 So you like stories that have happy endings, Hifumi?
 Well, everyone has their own tastes. My favorite kind of ending is when the heroine is mindlessly drooling and begging for forgiveness. ♡
 Are you suuure you don’t know?
 Well, well!
 There’s something I’ve been thinking about…
 I want us all to get together with Sensei after the signing ceremony and unwind a little.
 But isn’t it in the opposite direction?
 *Hifumi sees a Cruise Missile heading towards something*
 Koharu! Hifumi!
 We can’t just go rushing over there! It’s too dangerous until we know the situation!
 She and the Justice Task Force are perfectly capable of handling themselves! The rest of us can’t afford to be separated!
 Things are in utter disarray.
 It IS you, Mari! I’m glad you’re safe.
 What?! They shouldn’t have that authority.
 But there’s something I…
 Are you sure?
 Understood. Let’s be off, Mari!
 Everyone, please calm down!
 Let me take things from here… at Sakurako’s request.
 We don’t have time for that. A temporary chain of command needs to be established in the absence of all Tea Party hosts!
 Or else Trinity will collapse from the top down!
 This is the flaw with a triumvirate system. With all three hosts gone, chaos is beginning to reign.
 The different factions each member used to keep in check are going rampant!
 Our top priority is to regain control and calm the situation.
 Let’s hurry and establish the chain of command. Then do what you can to stop the skirmishes that have broken out.
 Take care to evacuate any wounded you find!
 Our forces will also need to gather every bit of information from their surroundings, including eyewitness testimony along the way.
 Already? Please contact the Justice Task Force. We need to be in touch with the next in command in case of Tsurugi and Hasumi’s absence.
 No, wait. They’re likely in utter chaos as well… How many forces do we have available right now?!
 Background fades to black with Hanako remaining
 (I’m sorry, Hifumi. It looks like I’ll have my hands full here longer than I thought.)
 (I’m going to do everything I can. I just pray the others will be safe.)
 Fade to black, scene to park outside JTF HQ, Many FTF Members shuffle around
 What’s Sensei’s Condition?!
 Will Sensei be alright?
 Sensei…
 …!
 …!
 What am I looking at?
 Are these what Sensei and the others were fighting against?
 It’s the Saint Justina Council!
 …
 …
 Background fades to black with Hanako remaining.
 …
 PV Images flash by, 3 in total, Saint Justina Council, One I didn't catch and the Flags from Gehenna and Trinity.
 The Council, the Eden Treaty, and the attacks on the Tea Party…
 More PV Images, Arius Squad, the Bomb timer, I didn't catch this one, Hifumi looking at the rocket.
 The Arius Squad, the First Council, the cathedral, the target, the timing of the coup d’état…
 Images of a cave, a festival park and Arius school Logo.
 The catacombs, the rumors about the theme park, the location of Arius’ district…
 Picture of the Saint Justina Council, again but zoomed in. Trinity and Gehenna staring at each other from PV and the Handshake.
 The guardians of the commandments, the Eden Treaty, Eden, paradise…
 Screen goes to white
 …
 …
 I may have an idea.
 It relies on making several assumptions, but if my theory is correct…
 … we may already be too late.
 It will only be a matter of time before Trinity and Gehenna disappear from Kivotos if things continue like this.
 Fade to Black
 Just as Arius did after the First Council.
 <<EPISODE END>>
 EP 13 - A Side Beyond Reach
 Azusa conceals her whereabouts, but Hifumi manages to find her. Azusa pushes Hifumi away, blaming herself for causing everyone to suffer, and is determined to destroy Saori’s halo. Azusa thanks Hifumi and departs, leaving Hifumi to call out Azusa’s name.
 What about Nagisa?
 …
 We can’t allow that to happen. Especially not now.
 The Tea Party’s lower members must be in total disarray.
 We have to do something. The fighting needs to cease so we can put our focus into the rescue efforts.
 Screen goes black with only Hanako remaining
 (This is getting out of hand. What am I supposed to do?)
 (Seia…)
 (Help me, Sensei…)
 Switch to the Infirmary
 I-Im begging you--wait!
 Per Trinity bylaws, war cannot be declared without a proper Tea Party host.
 Didn’t you see the footage?! Gehenna is not our enemy!
 I don’t have all the details yet… but I’m sure Arius are the ones behind what’s happening.
 They were able to infiltrate catacombs under the Trinity district.
 …?!
 What?!
 …!
 …!
 Don’t tell me the rest of the Tea Party is…
 This is a coup d’état!
 …?!
 …!
 Fade to Mika’s Prison.
 Sensei…
 …
 …
 I agree. I can only imagine how lonely she is right now.
 That’s right. None of us would be standing here if not for you, Hifumi.
 We’ll do it together--for Azusa’s sake.
 I take it there’s something you need to tell her.
 Okay, then. I’ll be listening with bated breath.
 Those masks… Could it be…?!
 So they DO exist…
 No, it’s not!
 She’s headed for a passage that leads to the basement of the cathedral’s ruins!
 It sounds like they prepared some kind of last resort. We have to stop her!
 Justina guys appear.
 They’re not going to make it easy for us.
 We’ll be waiting.
 …
 And I couldn’t let them all join the club again without me, so I tanked another exam ♥️
 Oh, dear. You really do look good on your back, Sensei.
 8 Points (Fail)
 Heehee. What's wrong, Hifumi? Why so sheepish?
 I scored a 2 on our first real exam. Then I scored a 4 on our first mock exam. Now I've scored an 8.
 That means I'm steadily doubling my scores each time. At this rate, I just need to take three more tests and I should be passing too, right?
 Seems we have a visitor.
 Oh. That voice sounds like…
 I thought that sounded like you, Mari.
 It just so happens my grades are terrible.
 Haha. You could say we're acquainted.
 If you're not here for me, then what are you here for?
 These things happen, sadly. You may not hear about it often, but that's because perpetrators intimidate and coerce their victims into silence.
 Mari. I'm glad to see you're doing well.
 I'll show you the way out. Come on—this way.
 Listen up, everyone! Tonight is laundry night!
 Put your uniforms, underwear, socks, and anything else you need to have washed into the basket.
 Why thank you. ♥
 What about you, Sensei? Anything you need washed?
 Aw, okay. I'm off to the laundry room, then.
 Everything here should be dry by tomorrow morning.
 Hi, Sensei. It's me.
 Door closes
 That was a lot easier than I was expecting. You really wanted me to come in, didn't you? ♥
 Why do you sound so uncomfortable? These are just my pajamas.
 Heehee. You worry too much. Anyway, I have an important reason for coming here.
 I wanted to talk to you.
 Hanako steps closer
 It's about Azusa.
 …
 Hifumi? Did you just say you were in Sensei's room last night too?! How long has THIS been going on?!
 Where do you think you're going? Iwant to know what's been going on between you two—all the juicy details. Or better yet, a reenactment would do just fine too.
 Now I get it. You've been coming here to talk to Sensei about our lesson plans.
 You're talking to a girl who wore her swimsuit to chapel once. I don't understand why everyone is so uptight about these things.
 .
 Yes, that's right.
 It's okay, Hifumi. You can listen in too.
 The thing is, she's gone out the last two nights and hasn't returned until almost sunrise.
 I was under the impression she was simply having trouble sleeping outside of her usual bed at first, but I don't think that's it.
 In fact, I've never actually seen her sleep at all.
 I'm not sure what she's up to, but I'm starting to get concerned that we'll have to step in and force her to get some rest for her own good.
 I can't help but feel that she's...anxious about something.
 It's not my place to pry into her private life, but I think we owe it to her to help. Every girl needs a good night's sleep.
 I'm afraid she's going to end up collapsing sooner or later.
 And the same goes for the two of you. Stop staying up so late, and take better care of yourselves.
 Our club work is important, but it shouldn't take priority over your health. The worst that could happen is the club fails. What's the point of our minds "passing" if our bodies ultimately fail anyway?
 Hifumi?
 Expelled...? What are you talking about?
 They can't expel you that easily. It's a long, complicated process that needs more valid reasoning than simply your grades.
 Sensei?
 …
 It must be true if that's the case. We're going to be expelled if we don't all pass by the third exam.
 This arrangement and the collective punishment wouldn't be possible normally, but given Schale's extrajudicial authority is involved...it all makes sense.
 …
 You'll have to forgive me. I never would have imagined that if even one You'll have to forgive me. I never would have imagined that if even one
 …
 No. I shouldn't have been so naive.
 I owe you each an apology for all the trouble I've caused.
 I'm sorry, Sensei.
 I'm sorry, Hifumi.
 It's as you suspected. I've been intentionally scoring low on my exams.
 I'm afraid I can't tell you.
 I have my reasons...but I don't want you all to suffer because of my choices.
 So you don't have to worry. It ends tonight.
 I'll pass my exams and keep the rest of the Make-Up Work Club safe.
 You don't have to thank me, Sensei.
 If anything, I should be the one making it up to you. What ifI did a little striptease? Would that suffice?
 Oh, I have a question. Are you two the only ones that know about all of this?
 If that's the case, then expulsion isn't what's making Azusa anxious. That mystery is still unsolved…
 Actually, I feel as though the Make-Up Work Club's entire founding is even more confusing after what you've told me.
 …
 I doubt Mika could arrange this. It must have been Nagisa's doing.
 But why now? Why would she busy herself with something like this just days ahead of the Eden Treaty's signing?
 Or is that the exact reason she's doing it?
 …
 …
 Now I understand. The Make-Up Work Club's purpose is to herd any potential threats to the Eden Treaty.
 It's a very Nagisa-like thing to do. She can be a real conniving witch when she wants to be.
 Nagisa is trying to wash out every problematic element at once. We're yesterday's dirty laundry, basically.
 Her plans include you too, don't they, Sensei?
 You probably accepted this job with the good intention of saving failing students, but in reality, you were a pawn for the sake of using Schale's extrajudicial authority.
 And yet that hasn't stopped you from doing everything you can for us.
 You truly are a wonderful person, Sensei. ♥
 That's just like Nagisa—so melodramatic. Though I'm sure anyone who disagrees with her plans is a traitor in her mind.
 I can understand why Azusa would be a suspect given her background.
 I could be off-base, but it wouldn't surprise me if Koharu was essentially a hostage from the Justice Task Force.
 But what about you, Hifumi? I thought you were close with Nagisa.
 We'll have to talk more about Azusa later. I'll see ifI can't find out more about what's been going on.
 Sure thing. So? Does this mean I'm officially a part of your secret midnight trysts?
 The three of us, all alone late at night sharing a heart-pounding ménage à trois! ♥
 Good night.
 Bye, Sensei. I'm looking forward to tomorrow night's ménage a trois!
 Oh?
 It certainly is.
 Good morning, Koharu!
 I think she's been pushing herself too hard these last few days. We should let her sleep in a little while longer.
 Someone sounds like they're having a good dream. ♥
 Uh-oh.
 The laundry I hung out to dry last night! I completely forgot about it!
 ?!
 Hanako whisks away
 Now, then. Let's begin the first Make-Up Work Club Swimsuit Symposium! ♥
 And perfectly dressed for the occasion, I might add. ♥
 Thunder crash
 Fade to black
 <40 minutes earlier.>
 They're completely soaked. Not to mention muddled. Our only choice is to put all of them through the wash again.
 No, this is my fault. I'm the one who offered to do the laundry and then forgot about it.
 And for good measure, let's all take a hot shower together and dry each other's hair afterward.
 Isn't this a fun turn of events? I guess we'll just have to study in our bras and panties today, ladies. ♥
 Why not? You have no imagination—
 I suppose, but we're still going to be stuck in our underwear for a few hours.
 Seems like it. It must be because of the thunderstorm.
 THUD
 Sure did. Our only choice is to hold a swimsuit symposium. ♥
 I guess you're right. We could always have an underwear symposium instead. I wouldn't mind that at all. ♥
 But what kind of camp would this be if we passed on the opportunity to make memories?
 This is our chance to share the most intimate parts of ourselves. A sudden blackout, driving rain... The mood is perfect!
 We may as well indulge while we have the chance. You only live once. ♥
 Now, now. There's no need to raise your voice, Koharu. Let's just go with the flow and have some fun while we can.
 Calling it a symposium was just to keep up appearances. We can talk about anything we want. Nothing is off limits. ♥
 I've always wanted to do something like this. I've never been happier to have joined the Make-Up Work Club. ♥
 You are?
 Aw, that's so sweet.
 You've finally seen the light. See? I told you, Koharu.
 That's even sweeter! ♥
 I heard a rare Gold Maguro is on display at the Trinity aquarium right now.
 Yeah. Apparently, it was discovered at the nearby beach. I wanted to go see it for myself, but the admission fee is so high.
 I also heard that you can hear strange noises coming from that long-abandoned theme park.
 I've only heard rumors myself, so I can't say for sure...but isn't that how all scary stories go?
 I don't find walking about campus or the district in a swimsuit to be strange at all.
 That reminds me. I heard from a Sister once that somewhere in a lawless area of Kivotos is a gang that wears nothing but bikinis and masks.
 It goes to show just how common wearing nothing but a swimsuit is. Why don't you join me next time?
 You need to start getting a better night's sleep, Azusa!
 That doesn't change the fact that you need to get more rest. You need to go on fewer of those late night patrols of yours!
 Traps?
 Why would you go to such lengths?
 You should let us know about these things ahead of time. People will suspect you of wrongdoing if you go around doing things like that on your own.
 …
 It's about time.
 No! Not yet! We can't just let this day go to waste!
 Let's just look at today as an unplanned vacation day. We even got to bond together buck naked like real sisters.
 But wouldn't it feel like a waste to go to bed so soon? Don't you just want to seize the night and go out with a bang?
 Isn't it obvious? What kind of camp would this be if we didn't try to sneak out at night at least once. ♥
 Obviously. Let's leave the academy behind and go on a walk together!
 There are plenty of places in the Trinity shopping district that are open late. Let's go grab some food and do a little shopping!
 You know the school rules better than I do, butI bet a bunch of students sneak out and go places they shouldn't. Isn't that right, Hifumi?
 It's not like we'd go that far—it's still within the district. We'll be back before you know it. So what do you say, Koharu? Doesn't it sound fun?
 Come on! One little walk isn't going to kill you. Isn't that right, Sensei?
 It's decided. ♥
 Everyone hurry up, and take it off! The Make-Up Work Club is going late-night streaking!
 Heeheehee. ♥
 See? Isn't this fun? There's nothing like the guilty pleasure of doing something you're not supposed to, mixed with the elation of doing it with others.
 That's right. A lot of stores stay open 24 hours a day.
 Well, well. You sure know your way around the neighborhood.
 Really? She must be pretty strict with you newbies. I always thought she seemed like a kind girl.
 Goodness. What caused her to be so upset?
 …
 No wonder she holds a grudge against Gehenna.
 My sweet tooth is starting to get a craving after that story. Should we pop in and see what they have?
 Those wouldn't happen to be parfaits you're carrying, are they?
 Fade to black
 <Hasumi was in fact holding three special parfaits.>
 Fancy meeting you here, Hasumi. I'm even more surprised to see you eating three parfaits. Aren't you on a diet?
 Let me guess. You had a craving you just couldn't curb, so you came all the way here for some of your favorite desserts.
 You gave in to your delectable desires and before you knew it, it was too late. There was no turning back.
 If that's what you want, Sensei. ♥
 That's even sweeter! ♥
 So what's going to happen to those students?
 It sure was. I never expected our innocent little stroll to become such an adventure.
 You're looking much happier, Koharu. Are you proud that you were able to fight next to Hasumi?
 Aw, that's wonderful. Now you just have to pass your exam like Hasumi told you to.
 I'm sure you will. I had better study harder so you don't leave me behind.
 Wow. You're really motivated, huh?
 That's the spirit. I'll show you what I got this time too.
 This isn't so bad.
 69 Points (Pass)
 Well, well!
 I must have gotten lucky. What a nice score. ♥
 What's wrong?
 Hifumi…
 I see. I'm sorry I've had you so concerned.
 Time skip
 …
 I'll pass, but thanks.
 Who would have guessed they have so much in common?
 Is it that time already? The days are flying by.
 I guess I'll just have to do the same.
 That's right!
 We've had a lot of fun together. Are you sad to see it end, Azusa?
 You don't have to make it sound so definite. It isn't as though any of us are truly going anywhere even once the club dissolves.
 We'll still be Trinity students, so we can spend time together whenever we want.
 Is something wrong?
 THUD with black
 Let me see... "Notice of changes made to the second Make-Up Work Club Evaluation Exam".
 "The scope of the exam will be roughly triple that of the first exam."
 "Additionally, the minimum score needed to receive a passing grade has been raised from a 60 to a 90."
 Most likely. Nagisa must have learned how well we did on our recent mock exam somehow.
 This is her sending a message. She's going to find grounds to expel us, no matter the cost.
 Right. We can discuss that later, but there's still more to the notice they posted.
 And I can only assume we'll be failed automatically if we don't comply.
 I'm so sorry, Koharu.
 She's right. We can't simply give up.
 Think of it as another fun midnight stroll! I've never ventured all the way to Gehenna just to take an exam.
 Gehenna's district is known to be much more dangerous than Trinity's, and the Prefect Team undoubtedly has its hands busy preparing for the treaty.
 We'll officially be in the heart of the Gehenna district just past here. Not exactly the friendliest neighborhood I've ever been in…
 This is a little on the nose…
 Well, that was easy.
 Where is everyone? I know it's the middle of the night, but it's like the city is completely deserted.
 Gunfire
 As curious as I am, we should stay focused. We need to reach the testing site.
 Footsteps
 If you must know, we're here to take an exam. We don't want any trouble.
 That grenade came from behind us. Who could it be?
 Car screech and door closes
 You're right. They're the ones who attacked the aquarium.
 It sounds like...someone is tied up in the back of that truck.
 Don't worry. We're here too.
 Hanako glimmering in her swimsuit
 Yeah. First floor of an abandoned building in Gehenna district, Zone 15-77.
 What do we have here? An artillery shell? Inactive, I would hope.
 The L118 belongs to the Tea Party. Which means this was sent by Nagisa.
 …
 What was that last comment supposed to mean?
 Understood.
 So this was her insurance policy. She really will stop at nothing!
 Fade to black
 The Make-Up Work Club has failed the second exam!
 <<To be Continued>>
 12 - Back to Square One
 The students are shocked to learn someone in the Tea Party is conspiring to have them expelled. The students decide to return to their respective rooms to decompress. Later that night, Azusa slips out alone with Hanako quietly tailing behind.
 <Later that same day.>
 I think this needs something more than a cliché like "put our heads together" to solve. What if we thought outside the box instead?
 Like..."Let's put our bodies together!" How does that sound?
 ?
 I'm not sure what you were imagining just now, but I could always demonstrate it for you instead. Why don't you come a little closer?
 Hanako steps closer to Koharu
 Here I come!
 KOHARU GETS FUCKING RA-
 Home sweet home again.
 Yes, but we know how far she's willing to stoop to prevent us from even taking it. Our odds aren't looking good.
 You were sticking up for us. There's nothing to apologize for.
 I wouldn't have been as nice to that witch if I were in your shoes.
 That's on top of any other underhanded tricks she might pull to stop us. We'll have to be careful.
 Don't be so hard on yourself.
 You need rest just as much as everyone else. You've been pushing yourself harder than any of us.
 I'll help think of a solution too. I can handle it, even while helping Koharu study.
 Like you said, we should all get some rest for now, though.
 Okay. Good night, everyone.
 Fade to black
 Six days until final exam.
 …
 <<To be Continued>>
 13 - In Spite of Everything
 The Make-Up Work Club prepares for the final exam despite being backed up against the wall. Hanako quietly watches as Azusa has a secret meeting with Saori the day before the exam.
 <The Make-Up Work Club continued to study hard every day in preparation for the third exam.>
 This is a masterpiece, that I can’t give enough justice to.
 Fourth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 100 Points (Pass)
 100 Points (Pass)
 100 Points (Pass)
 That it is.
 It's still the same time and place, but we have to score a 90 or higher too.
 Trinity Building 19, Classroom 32. It's on the outskirts of the district, but not unreasonably far away.
 The exam begins at 9 AM—exactly as scheduled.
 The only strange thing I've noticed this week is how quiet the main campus has been. I haven't seen any students around at all.
 I'm going to keep an eye on the notice board just in case.
 I'll be fine. It's the least I can do for everyone.
 You're giving me too much credit. It was you three who put in all the hard work.
 You were burning the candle at both ends every single night to study.
 We all know how hard you've been working. Don't let it go to waste by being too tired to focus tomorrow.
 That goes for you too, Azusa.
 You should. Everyone's done the best they can do.
 Right.
 …
 …
 <<To be Continued>>
 14 - A Confession
 The students gather together at night. Azusa confesses that she is the traitor once the full scope of Nagisa's interference is revealed. Azusa blames herself, but Sensei says it isn't her fault. Hanako declares they will find a way to pass no matter what.
 [Sensei’s Room]
 Knocking
 Door opens
 Don't forget about me!
 She‘s got us there…
 …
 Actually, I went out too. I met with some of my contacts from the Sisterhood. There were a few things I was trying figure out.
 It's about the building where we're scheduled to have our exam.
 No, it's not that. I was told the entire Justice Task Force has been dispatched to defend the building.
 The Tea Party told them the building houses sensitive documents relating to the Eden Treaty and to protect it at any cost.
 The entire campus is under martial law. That explains why things have been so quiet.
 No one is being allowed to enter or leave campus until the Eden Treaty has been signed.
 We'll essentially have to fight the entireJustice Task Force if we want to take the exam.
 I don't think that will do any good. Hasumi and the others were likely kept in the dark about their orders' real purpose.
 She would be disobeying orders if she helped us. Hasumi would be expelled from theJustice Task Force at the very least.
 Nagisa is not going to relent. She will do everything in her power to have the Make-Up Work Club expelled.
 …
 …
 …
 The Arius Satellite School...was the faction that opposed the Trinity alliance when it was formed many years ago.
 A lot of complications arose from that, and Arius has been in hiding ever since, as I understand it.
 They must have targeted her because of her inexperience and naivety. Mika isn't nearly as politically adept as Nagisa.
 They may have even planned to pin the blame on her after the deed was done.
 I've heard Arius and Trinity were mortal enemies, but I never could have imagined that something like this was being plotted in this day and age.
 …
 …
 The campus is under martial law, but Nagisa has the entireJustice Task Force stationed at the building where we're supposed to have our exam. The main building will be practically defenseless.
 There's never been a better time for an attack. That's why Arius is striking now.
 Because that's the real reason you enrolled at Trinity, isn't it?
 !
 You took on the mission to assassinate Nagisa because your real objective was to protect her from the very beginning. You're a double agent, aren't you?
 You've been telling Arius what they want to hear, but in secret you've been preparing to betray them.
 Cut to Azusa and Saori meeting
 Present
 So why protect Nagisa? Whose orders are you following?
 Are you saying you're doing this for the sake of peace?
 You're being naive. What you're attempting is as foolish as the treaty itself, Azusa.
 You're a liar and a traitor.
 You hid your identity from Trinity and your true intentions from Arius. You've lied to everyone around you and deceived them into thinking you're someone you're not. Isn't that right?
 …
 Yes, I know, Sensei. I'm actually very aware of that.
 I also know it's nearly impossible to change someone as jaded as Nagisa. She has no faith in anyone but herself.
 Yet the same can't be said about our little Azusa. She trusted us with the truth and apologized. She didn't even make excuses or become defensive when I pushed her buttons.
 Sorry I did that, but I couldn't help tease you when I saw your adorable and innocent expression. It was tugging on my heartstrings a little too tightly.
 It's strange. Our Make-Up Work Club has become the center stage of everything happening, and there's a great big spotlight exposing all of our dirty little secrets.
 Normally, you wouldn't expect a spy like Azusa to remain in the spotlight for very long.
 You could have disappeared without a trace weeks ago if you truly wanted to…
 Black screen
 ...and yet you didn't.
 And I thinkI know why…
 It was because you were having so much fun.
 You enjoyed us studying together, eating together—even doing the laundry and cleaning together. You had fun every single time.
 You didn't want the fun times together to end.
 You reveled in us all working together toward the same goal. You've had fun learning beside your clubmates and Sensei.
 Isn't that right, Azusa?
 …
 I understand. I knew someone who felt the same way.
 She was so talented and adept. Everyone couldn't help but adore and praise the things she did.
 Flashback
 She found Trinity General School to be a place replete with deception, prejudice, and hypocrisy.
 It was somewhere she couldn't open herself up to anyone or be her true self.
 Next scene
 Everything felt so meaningless to her, so she tried her hardest to drop out of the academy.
 For her, it was like breaking out of prison.
 You're a much different girl than she was, Azusa. Perhaps better, even.
 Come to think of it, you completing this mission would mean the end of your academy life, wouldn't it?
 You enrolled under false pretenses and plan to betray the place you originally came from. You'll have nowhere to return to once this is over.
 You knew that was inevitable, yet you still worked your heart out while in the Make-Up Work Club.
 That other girl tanked her exams on purpose so she could run away while you dedicated yourself to the fullest.
 Why? Why try so hard? You said it your self: vanitas vanitatum. Vanity of vanities—everything is in vain.
 There is undoubtedly some truth in those words…
 ...and yet, that's not all you said. There was something else you added at the end.
 Flashback
 It was then that the girl I spoke of realized something.
 She realized how much fun academy life can truly be.
 Cleaning the swimming pool in her underwear, going out for a midnight stroll in nothing but her swimsuit, having a symposium with her friends as they wore absolutely nothing at all... It was so much fun.
 Heehee. ♥
 It turns out that girl isn't so different from you after all, Azusa. So, even if everything is in vain, I don't think we should give up just yet.
 Didn't you say you wanted to learn more? Discover more?
 That there was so much more you wanted to experience? Like visiting the beach or staying out all night.
 Why give up on those dreams now?
 There's no reason to. Nothing has changed.
 Your mission is now OUR mission. We'll protect Kirifuji Nagisa from Arius' attack.
 And then we're going to take our exam and pass.
 That witch won't have any complaints once we do that. We'll pass—even with all of the ridiculous conditions she's placed on us.
 It doesn't matter how many soldiers she places in front of that testing site or how many subjects the exam covers. We're each going to score a 90 or higher.
 Because what other choice do we have?
 No.
 It won't be enough to help us pass our exam.
 If we're going to do this, we'll need to get one step ahead.
 Up until now, we've been playing right into our opponents' hands. This time, we're going to devise something of our own. We already have all the talent we need in this very room.
 A member of theJustice Task Force, a guerrilla warfare expert, a seemingly average student favored by the Tea Party, and me, someone who knows everything there is to know about Trinity.
 And to top it off, we have [NAME] Sensei: the ever-capable leader of Schale.
 With a lineup like this…
 ...we could overthrow Trinity in half a day!
 Relax. I know the plan is to take the third exam and avoid failing. ♥
 I'll devise the plan. All you have to do is follow instructions and give your all.
 Now let's show them what we're made of!
 You must be anxious. Understandable, since you had the entireJustice Task Force deployed away from here.
 Are you asking howI knew you'd be at this particular safe house? That's because I know the rotation order of all 87 panic rooms used by the Tea Party.
 I also know about the measures that fall just outside of the regulations too—like how you like to hide in this secret penthouse of yours when you're especially nervous.
 By the way, we already met your minimal security detail on our way here. They're going to be indisposed for a little while.
 No, not quite. Besides, Azusa and I are just the meeting party. Someone else here is calling the shots.
 Answer my question first. Did you truly need to go this far, Nagisa?
 I'm referring to how you've handled our club. I understand why you would be so concerned, but did you really need to involve Schale and its authority as well?
 I can even see why you would find Azusa and myself to be so suspicious, but why cast doubt on someone like Hifumi too? Why involve an innocent bystander like Koharu?
 Especially Hifumi. She thought you were her friend.
 How could you be so cruel? Did you ever consider how much it would hurt her?!
 Heehee. ♥
 Then I should deliver a message to you from our commander.
 She says, "It was a funny fantasy, thinking we were ever really friends."
 Excellent work, Azusa. Would you mind playing decoy from here on like we planned?
 That's right. There are some questions still to be answered…
 ...but I'm convinced that there really is a traitor, at the very least.
 Oh, that was just my little way of repaying Hifumi. Nagisa had that one coming.
 Besides, I'm sure that little misunderstanding will be cleared up sooner or later. ♥
 Never mind that. Can you tell me how many soldiers Arius will be sending? Will you be able to hold them off by yourself?
 All right. See you soon!
 Azusa and Hanako split up
 Door slams
 Wow, you took out so many of them, Azusa.
 It's time for the finishing touches. ♥
 Welcome to a tactical command class led by none other than Schale's advisor and the Make-Up Work Club's homeroom teacher: Sensei! ♥
 Well, that's one crisis averted at least.
 Arius' reinforcements will arrive soon. Our objective is to buy time until then.
 We need to hold out until the Justice Task Force intervenes, or everything we've done will go to waste.
 Good job. TheJustice Task Force is still under the Tea Party's direct command, so this was the only way to get them to move from their post.
 Hasumi should have noticed that Nagisa has gone missing by now.
 You contacting Hasumi should speed things along. It's only a matter of time before the Justice Task Force confirms the situation.
 I just hope they arrive in time…
 Explosion
 …?!
 They're here already?
 And still no sign of the Justice Task Force.
 Black screen
 Y-You!
 Mika reveals herself
 Misono Mika of the Tea Party…
 …
 Then was your real objective to stop the Eden Treaty from being signed? That's why you're targeting Nagisa?
 …
 …!
 Mika! Was it you? Were you the one behind Seia's attack?
 I can think of one. An independent organization that doesn't bow to the Tea Party or anyone else for that matter.
 That's right. I did eventually decide to take someone up on their offer and made a pact of my own.
 Nothing you need to concern yourself with. Besides…
 Black screen with explosions
 …
 Sounds to me like you're becoming restless, Mika.
 Do you really intend to keep fighting?! It's pointless, Mika. Put down your weapon.
 …
 Mika, about Seia…
 Seia is alive, Mika!
 We just made it look like she died.
 She was secretly taken from Trinity and put into hiding as a precaution...since we couldn't find her assailant.
 Her wounds haven't completely healed yet and she remains unconscious...but the head of the Remedial Knights continues to look after her.
 Yes. And the person who saved Seia was probably…
 …
 Never mind. I think you should ask her yourself.
 Is it finally over?
 I'm not surprised. We've been running around all night.
 Oh.
 It's a long shot, but we won't know unless we try! Come on, ladies, let's get moving!
 Hanako whisks away
 Well. then.
 …
 You're right.
 We've been through so much together.
 Neither am I. Anything less would be wasting everything I've learned from Azusa.
 2 Points (Fail)
 4 Points (Fail)
 8 Points (Fail)
 69 Points (Pass)
 100 Points (Pass)
 100 Points (Pass)
 100 Points (Pass)
 100 Points (Pass)
 Yes. It's so early that not even the birds are awake. Now let's search that map, Ui.
 Oh, this? I was taking a walk...I mean, I was swimming when I heard the message.
 I don't think this is it. Let's go to the next page.
 Wait! Here it is! The old map of the catacombs left by that ancient council!
 Yes, that's whyI came to see you, Ui. You're the Magician of the Old Library.
 You can restore it, right? Time is of the essence.
 I know you can do it, Kozeki! I'll help you in every way possible! ♡
