 I’ve reached my conclusion about the data you delivered.
 As you know, Veritas prides itself on being the best hacker in all of Kivotos.
 We’re handed cases regarding system and data recovery on a daily basis. Of course, we’ve solved problems like yours countless times…
 Hm. I’m going to be frank with you.
 Momoi. Your save files cannot be recovered.
 Not at all. It’s just a simple tool optimized for cracking encrypted systems.
 And…it’s the only hacking tool in the world created by our club president.
 Anyway, as you can see our interests have aligned.
 We need our president’s tool back, and you want to unlock the G.BIBLE
 …When they “clean up,” they don’t leave a single trace of their existence behind.
 Actually, she has a point.
 I see. While the Maid Club is widely considered the strongest squad in Millennium…
 …It wasn’t just their skill as agents that earned them that reputation.
 It was because of “her.”
 Correct.
 But as it happens, right now, she’s…
 …
 [Millennium Rooftop]
 Naturally.
 But, in order to put that plan into action…
 …we have some preparations to make.
 Like wiretaps, EMPs and…
 …as Aris so eloquently put it, a little help from our friends.
 But, um, we’re not exactly on the best of terms at the moment, so I think you’ll have to do the talking, Sensei.
 Yup
 To be frank, this plan is dead on arrival unless we can enlist their help.
 [Millennium Engineering Club]
 Yes, and we are ready to proceed.
 The mission…?
 Well, actually, it’s already begun.
 …
 [Millennium Rooftop]
 Well… So far so good.
 Right, Sensei?
 It’s time for the next phase.
 [Millenium Outer Hallway - Night]
 We’re all set to meet our guests.
 First, let me detail our target, the Student Council’s contraband storage. THe current location of the MIrror.
 Seminar, Millennium’s Student Council, are naturally suspicious bunch, and the topmost floor of the Millennium Tower is dedicated to their exclusive use.
 The contraband storage is on the west side of that topmost floor.
 The biggest issue is that you have to take an elevator to get to the contraband storage, And this elevator can only be accessed by personnel with fingerprint authorization.
 Even if you were to bypass the elevator, you’re bound to run into members of the Student Council and armed security guards. And most importantly…
 …these areas exclusive to Student Council members are all sectionable.
 Let’s say that smoke is detected in one of the rooms. That triggers a shutter that sections off the room from the rest.
 Once a shutter drops, it can only be disabled by a Student Council member’s fingerprint.
 What happens if an unauthorized fingerprint is input? A titanium-enforced shutter also drops. Disabling both then requires a valid simultaneous Student Council fingerprint and a retina scan.
 We’ve also just learned that trying to brute force the elevator will seal off the entire floor.
 Six seconds…
 It's enough time.
 [Millennium Outer Hallway - Night]
 (Back in present…)
 Momoi! Hit the deck!
