 How could they keep a legendary tuna fish under lock and key, only to be admired through a fish tank? Have they no respect for the gourmet?
 Fine food is something more noble and ubiquitous.
 The Gold Maguro wouldn't want to be on displayjust to make the rich richer.
 We're merely doing what must be done! Isn't that right, Fuuka?
 See? The School Lunch Club president agrees so vehemently that she's been moved to tears.
 Whether we escape or not isn't important.
 The only thing that matters is who has the last bite!
 That is our club's motto: Eat or Die! It's the dignified path all gourmands must accept!
 Let us break through this siege and make our retreat! Then we'll have our dearest Fuuka here prepare her famous sashimi for us!
 I was craving sashimi, but now tempura is on the menu.
 It comes down to luck now, but I don't mind spicing things up. So long!
 Haruna whisks away
 Hello, Junko. Good to see you, Akari.
 I'm afraid I didn't even make it ten meters.
 It seems as though Izumi was the only one who managed to get away...somehow. At least our sacrifice wasn't in vain.
 TheJustice Task Force certainly lives up to their reputation. We were foolish to underestimate them.
 See here,junko. If you saw water gushing out of a tap into an overflowing sink and there was no one around, what would you do?
 That it may be. I'd like to avoid our fate being in Hina's hands if at all possible…
 It's so good to see you again, Hina.
 Thanks for all the hospitality, Sensei. I'll be sure to treat you to a delectable meal the next time you visit Gehenna.
 Good eye, Akari. So what brings you here?
 So that's what you're up to. You just need to get to that testing site, right?
 I can see that, but your timing is most unfortunate. In case you hadn't heard, there's a bit of a situation happening in the district right now.
 The Prefect Team has its hands full cleaning up after them, leaving us the perfect opportunity to slip out of our cell.
 Oh, that? That's just Fuuka's way of having fun. She's a rascal, that one.
 Sorry,Junko, but there's been a change of plan.
 We're going to play escort for Sensei and those Trinity students. There's a debt to repay.
 Expect another explosion in eight seconds, Akari.
 Do you hear that? Even Fuuka is cheering us on. Why don't we spice things up a little more?
