 I’ve been waiting to see you, Chief Officer.
 Illegal distribution of tanks, choppers, and other unknown weapons have increased by over 2000 percent. At this rate, ordinary school life in Kivotos will be a thing of the past.
 So the rumors were true…
 You mean you’ve found a way now, Chief Officer?
 This person?
 Whoever they are, they don’t seem to be from Kivotos.
 …?
 Just take cover, Yuuka. And besides, hollow-points aren’t considered illegal.
 We need to remember that Sensei is here with us.
 Their safety is our top priority. Reclaiming that building will come second.
 Okay. We’ll follow your lead.
 We were able to fight more efficiently thanks to Sensei’s commands.
 I wouldn’t mind sharing the battlefield with you again sometime.
 Fade to black
 <<End of Chapter>>
 2-1
 Rin discovers the incident was instigated by someone named Wakamo from Hyakkiyako. Shewarns Sensei that the student in question is a dangerous convict that escaped from the Corrections Bureau.
 Indeed.
 Wakamo fled to the student district, but I’m sure she’ll be found and arrested soon.
 I’ll leave the rest to the person in charge.
 We’ll have to say goodbye for now but I hope you can visit us at Trinity General School soon.
 We’ve returned.
 Sensei?
 Azusa appears wearing her gasmask
 Yes, I heard you will be the one in charge of the Make-Up Work Club for the time being. I imagine that you’ll be very bust, Sensei. I apologize that we can’t offer any help.
 Settle down, Koharu. The Tea Party contacted Schale specifically to request Sensei’s help. Those two fall under Sensei’s jurisdiction as the one in charge of the Make-Up Work club. Those are the rules.
 *sigh* Koharu…
 Koharu?
 And Sensei is with you too. Shouldn’t you both be at the annex for boot camp? You’re not permitted to return for the justice Task Force until your grades are above passing.
 Oh, so you came to pick up a book to help with your studies. Of course. That’s a perfectly valid reason to visit.
 It’s excellent timing actually. There’s something I’ve been needing to discuss with you.
 My apologies, but could you give us a moment of privacy, Sensei? This is an important matter that is for Justice Task Force member ears only.
 Sorry, Sensei.
 The screen goes black.
 I decided to wait in the room next door.
 The room is empty from Sensei’s perspective.
 Please do this…Koharu. The objective is really…
 There’s no other choice! It must be done!
 Can’t…but if it must continue for…And Sens…knows….
 Huh?! What did you just say?
 We…have our hands full at the moment. I believe Koharu should be able to provide back-up, however.
 Wait, no. I forgot she’s out sick today with a cold.
 Actually, I think we can both leave this in Tsurugi’s hands. I’ll accompany you.
 *both Mashiro and Hasumi leaves the area*
 *The scene then shows the church with Hanako suspiciously closing in to Hinata*
 Sensei! You’re all right!
 We’ll be fine. The other members have been incapacitated from the explosion, unfortunately.
 Nagisa, Sakurako, and the key personnel who were with them are missing. On top of that…
 I haven’t spotted a single person representing Gehenna. What’s going on?
 The Arius Satellite School?!
 Wh-Where did they come from? How did they get here?! The perimeter should have been secure…
 …
 I see. So all of this is Arius’ doing, is it?
 You won’t get away with this. You’ll pay for your sins here and now!
 …!
 Yes. You’re right.
 Thank you, Tsurugi. We need to prioritize Sensei’s safety right now and get them as far away from here as possible. I’ll take care of that.
 Let’s go, Sensei!
 COMBAT START
 AFTER COMBAT
 U-Ugh. What ARE those?
 They’re so powerful… and they don’t show the slightest reaction even after sustaining all those attacks…
 Are they even alive? Or could it be?
 What is it, Hinata?
 Council? What Council?
 …!
 Cut to Misaki with Arius Students
 There’s no end to them. Just what are these things?
 The Gehenna’s head Prefect!
 …
 Understood.
 Sensei, please make your retreat in that direction while we hold off the enemy! The head prefect will lead you to safety!
 Yes. The head prefect is right. This is our only option to prevent the worst from happening.
 Sensei! The Trinity’s leadership has been completely wiped out! The Sisterhood and the Tea Party are nowhere to be found!
 If something were to happen to you too… there’s no way we’d be able to recover from this!
 That’s why your safety is of the highest priority. Please…!
 Head Prefect! Make sure Sensei gets to safety!
 …
 Sensei.
 Where am I? What happened…?
 So am I. I thought my halo was going to be destroyed…
 What about Tsurugi and the others?
 Shuffling noise
 The Justice Task Force has arrived at Sensei’s request.
 I’m still recovering, but I’ll manage. You can count on me in a pinch.
 Scene change to the prefect team
 Allow us to lend a hand.
 It’s been a while, Chinatsu. We haven’t fought side-by-side like this since we helped Sensei reclaim the Schale building.
 How dare they?! Pandemonium Society! Gehenna! Do they think they'll get away with this?!
 *pant* *pant*...
 Listen carefully.
 This isn't over…
 How dare they?! Pandemonium Society! Gehenna! Do they think they'll get away with this?!
 *pant* *pant*...
 Listen carefully.
 This isn't over…
 From this point on, I'll be going on a diet!
 Yes, a diet! I'm going to lose weight!
 From this moment on, if you catch me eating more than two meals a day or snacking, you have every right to slap the food out of my hand and give me a piece of your mind!
 Dieting can be hard if you're doing it by yourself, so that's why I'm allowing you all to keep me accountable. I need your help!
 …
 That little... She went way over the line!
 Flashback within a flashback
 Pardon? No, I'm…
 Huh?
 Giant...?
 AHHHHHH!!!
 Sounds of punching and breaking
 Present
 S-Sensei?
 I didn't expect to run into the Make-Up Work Club and Sensei here.
 Y-Yes. About that…
 N-No! I-I mean…
 Sensei. I don't believe the Make-Up Work Club is permitted to leave the school grounds during boot camp.
 ?!
 So if you'll keep my secret, then I'll keep yours.
 How are your studies going, Koharu?
 You don't say?
 That's good to hear. I told you you could do it.
 Don't you remember?
 Flashback
 Please keep studying hard, Koharu.
 Don't lose sight of your goal.
 There's no other choice! It must be done!
 ?!
 Forgive me for raising my voice, but the only way you'll be able to stay with us is by passing your exams.
 If not for me, then do it for Sensei and all the effort that's been made to help us. Okay?
 And I'm always rooting for you. I look forward to you returning to the Justice Task Force soon and joining us on our missions.
 Encrypted communication? At this hour?
 Yes, Ichika? What's going on?
 A problem? Please explain.
 Is it the Gehenna Prefect Team? So, they've finally played their hand. Those Pandemonium Society scum!
 They must be trying to interfere with the Eden Treaty! What's the size of their forces? How many squadrons, and what facilities have they targeted?!
 Just four...? And it's not the Prefect Team?
 Why would they attack there?
 The Gold Maguro?
 The Gourmet Research Society?
 Please do what you can to contain her for now. I'm...in the middle of a personal matter at the moment.
 …
 Distant explosion
 What a coincidence. I had the same thought.
 I know this is sudden, but your help would be appreciated. Can you do it?
 This is a delicate situation with the Eden Treaty fast approaching. The last thing we need is an interdistrict incident between the Justice Task Force and Gehenna Academy.
 I'm formally requesting the Make-Up Work Club's assistance via Schale. Can you do it, Sensei?
 Of course. I knew this day would come, even if it is sooner than expected.
 Those pests! Split up and chase each of them!
 This is our district! There's nowhere to run!
 Good work, everyone. We were able to get the situation under control thanks to your help.
 Normally, we would decide what to do with them. But given the circumstances we're in, we'll have no choice but to defer to Gehenna's Prefect Team.
 Actually, I have a favor to ask you regarding that matter.
 I'd like to avoid conflict as much as possible ahead of the Eden Treaty.
 With that said, would you mind being the one to hand the detainees over when the Prefect Team arrives?
 It would lessen the political burden for both sides if Schale was the one who officially had them in custody.
 Thank you, Sensei. I'll step back, then.
 [Trinity Outskirts Bridge]
 <I came to the designated spot to hand the Gourmet Research Society over to the Prefect Team.>
 Sirens and a car stops
 A student approaches
 Stay sharp, everyone! Follow Seia's instructions or you'll be lost in the catacombs!
 Ichika, please report. Did you find Sensei yet?
 Tsurugi? Is she okay?
 Fade to black and explosions
 *tchhhk* Great job. Retreat to a safe zone as soon as possible. We've secured a route in the catacombs.
 This is…
 There are many students at Trinity who owe Sensei, including me. They'll be glad to help.
