 W-Waaah! No, no, no! P-Please, stop chasing me!
 Watch out! Coming through!
 !?
 <*crash*>
 O-Ow... Sorry about that!
 Well...that's…
 Uh... But I don't have any business with you.
 Oh. Oh, dear.
 Scene change
 Th-Thank you so much. I would have been in so much trouble with my school if not for you.
 It's bad enough I snuck out here on my own. If something bad happened… It's giving me—a headache just thinking about it!
 A-Ahaha... It's kind of a long story. I came here looking for something…
 Its something that's out of production, but I heard that it shows up in trades every now and then on the Black Market.
 What?! No, of course not! It's...a limited edition piece of Peroro merchandise.
 Yup! It's this guy right here. A limited edition plush from the Peroro and Ice Cream franchise collaboration!
 Only 100 of them were ever made!
 What do you think? Cute, right?
 Right? The way Mr. Nicholai philosophizes is just so dashing!
 In fact, I recently bought a compilation of Mr. Nicholai's work, "Reaching Beyond Good & Evil"! It was a first edition too!
 I came here looking for that, but ended up getting targeted by those thugs. I came here looking for that, but ended up getting targeted by those thugs.
 Anyway, what brings Abydos students to a place like this?
 Wow, great minds think alike.
 W-Wait a second! We can't just keep engaging them like this!
 The Black Market's enforcers might crack down on us if we make any more of a scene!
 And we'll be in really big trouble if that happens. We should get out of here.
 This way!
 The gang leaves
 <<To be Continued>>
 12 - To the Black Market! Part 2
 Hifumi agrees to guide The Foreclosure Task Force around the market in return for helping her earlier. Meanwhile, the boss of Problem Solver—68, Aru, struggles to get a loan so she can pay off her earlier mistake.
 [Entertainment District]
 Ithink we lost them…
 I guess you could say that. The General Student Council doesn't have much influence here.
 The Black Market's operational scale is equivalent to at least that of the smaller academies in Kivotos. It definitely shouldn't be underestimated…
 Especially since there are also corporations here constantly battling for control over all sorts of illegal trades and activities.
 The Black Market even has its own bank and law enforcement.
 It's not in the slightest.
 You especially don't want to get involved with their police force—trust me. The best thing to do when something happens is to just run away and take cover.
 Do I? I did a lot of research before coming here because of the stories…
 …?
 I will be?
 Excuse me?!
 Oh. I'm not sure I'd be very helpful, but I do owe you all one, so...a|l right.
 Really? How old are you again, Hoshino?
 *rustle* Haha. Thanks. Don't mind if I do.
 It's strange that we haven't been able to find any leads.
 About those weapons you're looking for, I mean. I'm sure they're out there, but we haven't tracked down a single clue.
 There's not even a paper trail. No records of transactions, storage logs… Nothing. It's
 like someone's trying to hide the whole operation.
 Even the corporations shouldn't be able to manipulate the Black Market to this extent.
 I don't know if I would call it strange. It's more like... Why go through all this trouble?
 This is the Black Market we're talking about. Corporations typically have no trouble
 conducting illegal business out in the open.
 For example, see that building there? That's the Black Market's infamous Stygian Bank.
 It's one of the largest banks in the Black Market. It's said that about 15 percent of all illicit profits from Kivotos' criminal activities flow through that bank.
 The take from extortion, armed robbery, abductions, and so on are then used to fund illegal weapons and arms for additional criminal activities.
 It's a never-ending cycle.
 Yeah. If you think about it, the bank is really a whole criminal organization unto itself.
 Th-Those are Market Guards!
 They act as the top enforcers for all the groups I just mentioned!
 Hurry!
 The gang runs away
 Fade to black
 It just looks like they're on a routine patrol…
 <*click* *clank* *click*>
 What was that...?
 K-Kaiser Loans?!
 That's the infamous Kaiser Corporation's loan shark company…
 Not exactly. The Kaiser Corporation doesn't do anything outright illegal, but they're definitely shady. They practically play jump rope with the line between legitimate and criminal activities…
 Kaiser's been trying to extend its reach into the Trinity district as well, and the Tea Party
 has been watching them like a hawk to make sure they don't cause any problems for the
 students.
 This debt you guys owe is to Kaiser Loans?
 Wouldn't those transport papers that employee just signed tell us?
 Pardon?
 Come again?
 I'm not sure I follow. What are you all talking about?
 What?!
 Excuse me?
 Th-This is a joke, right?!
 You too, Serika...?
 That would be really...REALLY bad…
 Hold on! I never agreed to…
 A-Ah…
 <*crumple* *crumple*>
 Nonomi…
 …
 I-I am? I mean, are we really going to hit the Stygian Bank?
 How will I explain this to the Tea Party if they ever find out?
 Oh, no…
 Th-This is a stick up...so get down on the ground if you don't want to get hurt!
 Please, everyone just do as we say. Please…
 What?! Are you referring to me?!
 Wh-What?! How did I end up being the boss? Oh, no… How can I face the Tea Party now?
 Scene change
 A-And no one got hurt. S-Sorry about this everyone. Thank you, and have a great day!
 <*whoosh*>
 Hoshino's right. They're going to seal off more roads by the minute.
 …
 I can't pretend to fully understand what it's like to be in Abydos' situation… but I do know that taking this cash will only lead to an even bigger mess.
 Ithink you would regret it in the long run.
 (You all know this girl?)
 But it's still the middle of the afternoon…
 <*bolt*>
 Maybe we should think about it as a good deed for the day, then. I'd like to think someone who usually has to go hungry found that money.
 …
 I agree. That's the only explanation.
 Footsteps
 I know a lot happened today, but I still had fun.
 That's okay. Haha…
 I won't.
 We don‘t have all the details, but I'm sure the Kaiser Corporation must have direct ties to violent criminal organizations.
 I'll pass along what happened today to the Tea Party!
 I'll also tell them all about Abydos High School's circumstances.
 I-It Will be?!
 B-But that means they knew about you and still didn't…
 …
 Y-You think so...?
 If someone were to take advantage of the situation under the guise of helping...you'd be powerless to stop it.
 N-Now I get it. That's definitely a possibility. Ugh... I hate politics.
 …
 So…
 Um…
 The thing is, we've been through a lot together in such a short time…
 I dunno. I kinda had fun too…
 Y-You don't have to keep calling me that!
 Uh, anyway... I know you have some tough times ahead, but I'll be cheering you on. Good luck.
 I'll see you around, everyone.
 Scene change
 I’ll pass along what happened today to the Tea Party!
 (Back to the present)
 O-Of course, Nagisa.
 By towed artillery…do you mean the L118?
 Ngghh…
 A-Ahaha…You guys…
 Okay, Koharu. Deep breaths. Calm down.
 Excuse me?!
 S-Sorry for yelling. What I meant to say is, we’re all here to make sure it doesn’t come to that. But if we don’t start putting out heads together…we’ll all be expelled in a week.
 ...Sensei…Please…
 Please do what you can. We’re all going to be expelled at this rate…
 The screen turns black
 (A few weeks earlier.)
 We are inside Trinity Terrace.
 A-haha…Hi, Sensei. I can explain everything. Well…
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 04- Failing Students Part 1
 This is an immediate continuation of the last episode.
 So, th-the thing is...it’s not my fault. There was a surprise Peroro show, and I had to skip my regular exam to attend. S-so that’s why I’m failing now.
 …Don’t look at me like that! I was sure that I checked the exam date, but I must have made a mistake..Yeah…I’m sorry…
 R-Right. So what happened was…Nagisa asked me to support you, Sensei.
 The scene transitions to a flashback at the dining area at night.
 What?! M-Me?!
 I-I’m not an honor student. My grades have always been average…and that was before I started failing.
 Well…
 I-it’s just a temporary title. The Make-Up Work Club is only a provisional club. We’ll be disbanded once everyone raises their grades back up. B-But until then, I’ll be working with you, Sensei.
 “I’m glad you’re here. I don’t know what I’d do otherwise…Oh, have you met the other Make-Up Work Club members? There should be three others. I checked the list to see who they are. Let’s go meet them, Sensei. We’ll have our handles full with teaching and coming up with a plan to prevent them from failing.
 Oh, no. I never enjoy having to come here. Hello…Is anyone here? Hello?
 H-Hello.
 E-Excuse me…
 W-Well, I’m, uh…
 Are we being ignored…?
 U-Um…we’re here to find someone.
 Th-That’s not what we mean. We heard the person we’re looking for is being detained here. They’re locked up?
 F-For…disorderly conduct. So, um…
 …?!
 
 Um, so…what will happen to Hanako now?
 I-I don’t think you have to go that far…
 Oh, dear. It’s going to be difficult to talk to Hanako like this.Why don’t we go meet the next member? Um let’s see. The next member is…Shirasu Azusa.
 The click of a door handle is heard
 What?! No way!
 …
 “Um…
 Y-Yes, that’s right. I should have spoken up sooner, because the thing is the last club member is Shimoe…Ko…haru.
 A-Ahaha…Well, here we are, everyone. This is the Make-Up Work Club. Th-The real challenge starts now.
 …Sensei…A little help?
 Thanks. I’ll try my best too.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 06- Breaking the Ice
 That’s the long and short of the situation. This is just a temporary arrangement, but let’s try to make the most of it.
 Are there, uh…any questions?
 Basically. The goal is for each of us to pass the special academic evaluation exam that’s coming up…W-We don’t necessarily have to ace it or anything-we just have to not fail is all…Sensei will do everything to help us too. We’ll also get three attempts at the exam. But if we pass the first one, we won’t have to take it again. That means our make-up work would end early! Sensei’s role will be to manage and supervise us while checking our schedules. We can also turn to Sensei for supplemental lessons to our regular classes.
 Exactly! Oh, come to think of it…you transferred here not very long ago, isn’t that right, Azusa? You must still be getting used to the academy. If you work hard with Sensei, you’ll finish your make-up work in no time.
 Well, at least that’s what your file said…Oh, no. Did you not want to share that?
 Well…
 No one said anything about being done with make-up work if you win an excellence award…
 Sh-she really left…
 Um…
 …
 …
 …
 …
 Isn’t it? Hanako seems to have a real knack for tutoring! And Azusa has a real will to learn! If Koharu told us the truth about hiding her full potential…then, I have a feeling that the exams will be a breeze! What a relief. To be honest, I was really worried…In fact, the Tea Party gave me an order to start a boot camp for the second exam if any of us fails the first one.
 Yes. That’s how far they’re taking things. If anyone fails at three exams…
 N-Nothing! I don’t think we have to worry about that, so let’s not jinx it. At the rate things are going, the exams should be no problem! By the way, could Hanako have failed by missing the exams like I did? I mean, she seems so good at studying. I don’t know how else she could have failed…
 The day of the First Special Academic Evaluation Exam
 Hmm…
 A-Ahaha…
 (Thank goodness these are all questions we covered in our make-up work! The problems we studied with Sensei and the parts we went over together are exactly the same! This exam should be easy for all of us! Could they have designated it to give the Make-Up Work Club a break? Even though they were threatening to send us to boot camp, they really came through for us…)
 (That’s it, everyone! The finish line is within sight! Pass this test and we can all graduate from the Make-Up Work Club with smiles on our faces.)
 The scene slowly fades to black and returns us to the classroom used by the Make-Up Work Club earlier.
 The scores have been calculated.
 Good work, everyone. You just have to score a 60 out of 100 or better. Everything is fine as long as you didn’t fail, and this test was practically a warm up. Please tell us the test results, Sensei. We’re ready whenever you are!
 Announce the results.
 72
 I did it! Next up is…
 What?!
 H-Hold on! That’s barely even halfway to passing! Th-This was supposed to be an easy test!
 Wait just a minute! Wha-What happened to holding back, and unlocking your true potential?! Are you sure you took the first-year exam this time, Koharu?! You didn’t take the second-year one again-or maybe the third -year exam?!
 No it wasn’t! It was supposed to be easy!
 What are we going to do, Hanako? Even if the two of us passed…we’ll still have no choice but to take the second exam.
 A TWO?! Two! Did I hear that right? Is that grade even possible? What happened, Hanako?! You looked like you were in your element while studying!
 Vibe?! Just a vibe?! It has nothing to do with your grades?! Oh…No…
 Passed
 The Make-Up Work Club is going to boot camp!
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 09- What Lurks in the Depths
 The scene starts at Trinity Terrace at night. Sensei approaches Nagisa.
 H-Haha…Guess so.
 Well, anyway. This is where we’re going to be staying over the next week. We’ll do everything from eat, to sleep, to study here. And that’s why I want you all to…Wait a sec. Where did Azusa go?
 Scouting? Wait, did you just call the annex an encampment?
 U-uhhh…
 Azusa! We came here to study, not to prepare for a war, remember?
 It isn’t quite that strict…
 Azusa…
 E-Enough, Azusa! We’re not going to need all that!
 The screen fades in and out indicating a time lapse.
 Hmm…Nagisa did say we’d have to go to boot camp if we failed the first evaluation exam. We’ll be here for a week until the second exam. The building is showing its age and is a little neglected, but it should be more than fine with some cleaning. And we will have a lot of amenities available to us, like a gym and shower room.
 Yeah, and we’re within walking distance of the main building. There’s a kitchen in the basement where you can cook simple dishes too, so we shouldn’t go hungry. Not to mention, [NAME] Sensei will be with us the entire time we’re here, so we can always ask for help if we really need it…
 Haha. Thanks, Sensei. There’s a room for you at the other end of the hall to stay in too.
 Hanako is slowly seen approaching Hifumi
 S-Sure…well, let’s unpack and get to today’s studies.
 Huh?
 C-Cleaning?
 I…guess you have a point. It makes sense to clean all the desks at the very least before we begin using them.
 I think Hanako makes a good point. We shouldn’t push ourselves too hard too soon. Let’s remember that this is a marathon, no a sprint. We have a long week ahead of us. All right, team! Let’s get ourselves fired up with some spring cleaning!
 Everyone, go change so you don’t get your uniforms dirty. We’ll gather downstairs in ten minutes!
 Sorry to keep you waiting, Sensei!
 Well, I needed to put on something appropriate for the occasion. My gym clothes are plenty easy to move around in and wash if they get dirty.
 You go here quickly, Koharu.
 Uh, Azusa, I don’t think you need to carry your weapon right now…
 I guess you have a point…
 Hanako then appears wearing her school swimsuit
 H-Haa…ha…
 The screen fades to black.
 Hanako then left to change into her gym clothes.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 11- Spring Cleaning!
 This episode is a continuation of the last one
 Let’s start off by clearing the weeds growing around the building! Also don’t forget to hydrate. Heat stroke is no joke.
 We’ll move on to cleaning inside once we're done with the grounds around the buildings. Let’s go, people!
 I think we should give this hallway a quick sweep before we pull the mops out. It’s one of the most traveled parts of the building, so naturally it’s going to get pretty dirty. We’ll have to work hard to keep it clean.
 Would you mind cleaning the showers, restroom, and laundry room once we’re done here too?
 You’re right. There’s a lot of furniture here, so I’m not surprised it’s easy for dust to accumulate. We’ll have to do a lot of cleaning to keep it maintained.
 S-Sorry. Okay, I’ll leave it in your hands, Koharu.
 The screen goes dark.
 Koharu got to dusting every nook and cranny of the lobby.
 We then return back to the bedroom that the Make-Up WOrk Club are using to sleep in. It is still midday.
 This place…
 Sounds like you know what you’re doing, so I’ll trust the bedroom to you, Hanako.
 So do I. Thanks for all of your help, everyone!
 What? Where?
 O-Oh. Yeah, now that you mention it…
 The fade goes to a background of a dirty and empty pool.
 This place…
 No, I sorta get it. Seeing it left dry and neglected like this doesn’t feel quite right…
 Uh…huh…
 S-Swim?! And in what water?!
 Azusa! She’s already gone…That’s just great.
 Well, okay. But only because it wouldn’t feel right to leave this as the one place we didn’t get cleaned.
 …
 All we did was put on our school swimsuits. It’s pretty standard for cleaning a pool after all…
 Wh-Whoa! Hey, that’s cold!
 We didn't even get time to play in the pool after all that.
 It really is. I’ve never seen a school pool after dark before.
 Well, we have been cleaning since morning. Should we all go inside now? We can start our camp studies tomorrow. It’s going to be hard to concentrate if we don’t get a good night’s rest.
 Phew, it’s good to be back inside.
 Why don’t we all get some sleep? I’m sure everyone must be tired. Good night, Sensei.
 The screen goes black.
 Return to your room.
 The scene transitions to the dorm room that Sensei is using.
 Sorry for bothering you so late.
 Yeah. I just can’t seem to fall asleep. There’s been a lot on my mind…
 The screen goes black.
 I chatted with Hifumi for a while.
 Once again we return to the Dorm Room.
 Thanks for helping us today, Sensei.
 We’re supposed to formally start our boot camp first thing in the morning, but are we really going to be able to do this? There’s only a week until the second exam. Then there will be a third exam shortly after if we fail again. And if we fail that one…
 Yeah. So you know. I haven’t told the others, and I’m not even sure if it’s really true, but…ugh. These are standard individual exams, but they’re using this strange collective punishment system. Even the fact we’re being forced to go through a boot camp of all things is odd. And on top of that…*sigh*
 Wh-What?! You…really want to know? Well…Yes, I spoke with her. She told me to keep this a secret, but it’s hard for me to keep it all to myself. There’s something going on. It’s…
 You know about that too?! Well, about that…When i spoke to her, Nagisa said…
 We transition to Trinity Terrace at night. Nagisa is speaking to Hifumi.
 I’m sorry? What?! Th-That’s…
 But why me? How did this happen…?
 Did you just call us a trash bin?
 W-Wait, Nagisa! I can’t do something like this!
 …
 You have to be kidding me. Is there really a traitor? The thought alone is terrifying…We’re all supposed to be students of the same school. We spent all day cleaning together. We ate dinner together. How am I supposed to suspect any of them? They’re my friends. It’s too much. I can’t do this…
 …
 Sensei “You’re a kind person, Hifumi.”
 What was that?
 Sensei?
 …
 How I want to…Right! I’ll put some thought into what I can do to help! Thanks for hearing me out. I feel a lot better now.
 The screen goes black
 Meanwhile…
 Hanako is seen in the darkened Annex lobby
 Ugh, Azusa…just ten more minutes.
 Ugh…Fine.
 Sorry for the wait. Is everyone ready to get started?
 Guys, settle down…
 P-Please don’t remind me of how badly i overslept. Never mind that! That’s not what’s important! I need your attention!
 Make-Up Work Club boot camp officially begins today. We have  a very long road ahead of us, and it will be easy to get discouraged…but think about it! We know what we must do! The only solution is for each of us to pass next week’s exam.
 …That’s why we’re going to take a mock exam starting right now!
 Because our futures are on the line. We need to know where we all stand before we begin studying for the second exam! So to that end, I spent last night preparing this. I made my own exam based on the questions and answer key from last year’s exams! Sensei was able to get these for us and helped me last night. It should give each of us an idea how we’d score on the real exam if we were to take it right now. We’ll each have one hour. Max score is 1000 points with the minimum passing grade being a 60. It’s the same as a real exam. And i’m going to take it with all of you, of course.
 First Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam
 (That’s it, everyone! You can do this!)
 I graded everyone’s tests once the exam was over.
 All right, Sensei, we’re ready. Let us know our scores.
 68 Points( Pass)
 …I was afraid of this. It’s not looking good if we don’t turn things around. We’re going to have to study nonstop if we have any hope of us each scoring 60 points next week! Koharu and Azusa have to take the first-year exam, so I'm pairing the two of you together. It will be up to me and hanako to assist you. Didn't you have high grades your first year, Hanako?
 Don’t worry. Sensei and I will track your scores and figure out why you’ve been struggling. We can do this together! I want us to take mock exams like this from time to time moving forward…I’m not going to allow us to fail. We’re going to pass. We have our goal, so let’s keep working hard to achieve it!
 (There’s no time to sit around feeling sorry for myself. I have to do this! This is how I can help!)
 Thanks, but I couldn’t have done it without Sensei.
 Oh, and it’s not like I only prepared hard work for all of us. I also have prizes ready to award good grades on pop quizzes. Let’s see here…
 *rustle**rustle*
 An image of Momofriends dolls appears on the screen.
 Ta-da! Whoever gets the highest score will be awarded with some Momo Friends merch!
 Yeah, they’re really popular lately. Surely you all have seen them.
 What?!
 N-No! Peroro is a bird! Look, here are his wings! And his beak!
 What?! I mean, sure, not everyone has to like Peroro, but look at all of his cute qualities…
 What?! Peroro has never done anything like that!
 Come on. Don’t be like that…
 Azusa:?
 “Cu”?
 …?!
 There’s nothing to be afraid of! She understands Peroro’s cuteness! That’s something worth celebrating.
 That’s wavecat. He’s always doing a wave dance. And he did happen to get a neck pillow version recently.
 That’s Mr. Nicolai! He alway gets bullied for saying philosophical things! I also have a copy of Nocilair’s Beyond Good & Evil, the first edition! Let me know if you’d like to read it later.
 Uh…yeah! You’ll be able to pick whichever one you want!
 I’ll be rooting for you. Good luck! Heehee.
 U-Um…
 Hanako…I think you’ve teased her enough.
 So. Koharu…You’re saying you accidentally brought a book you confiscated while you were doing your Justice Task Force work, is that right?
 Maybe you should return it before anyone notices it’s missing.
 Ahhh! I feel so much better now!
 H-Hey! You don’t have to say it out loud…it’s embarrassing.
 Wh-What? That’s okay, I think I’ll manage!
 The fifth…what? What are you talking about?
 You mean Seia from the Tea Party, don’t you?
 There’s something I wanted to talk to you about, Sensei. It’s about Hanako.
 It’s something I came across when looking at last year’s model answers when prepping the mock exam. Every answer came from only one student’s exams.
 Exactly. It was Hanako.
 I’m not proud of it, but I took a peek at her first-year scores as well. They were perfect. She aced even advanced classes that third-year students struggle with. She’s a genius…But for some reason, Hanako’s grades ghave completely plummeted as a second-year.
 Yes. I think Hanako is intentionally scoring poorly on her exams. Why would she do such a thing?
 *yawn*  Good morning.
 Next we go to the annex classroom.
 (I thought something felt strange…I haven’t seen Sensei all morning.)
 Y-Yeah! We know Azusa, and she’s no murderer! She even tried to save Nagisa’s life after everything she did to us.
 H-Hi, Nagisa. Y-You’re looking well. H-Have you lost weight?
 *shakes*
 O-oh. That.
 …
 N-No, that’s not it.
 I’ll be fine, I think. Yeah, there were times where it really hurt…but it was just a misunderstanding that’s been cleared up now.
 It’s not like I considered hating you or anything like that. You don’t have to say anything else. I’ll be fine…
 Me? Th-That’s funny…
 *Nagisa starts monologuing*
 Nagisa?
 *Sounds of utensils crashing*
 O-Oh…
 *The scene goes back to Sensei and Hanako*
 Of course! Today’s the signing ceremony and classes were canceled. Everyone’s out celebrating!
 Kronos has been covering all the festivities. It kind of feels like we’re in the middle of a festival.
 Oh, Azusa. You’ve been carrying around your Professor Peroro plush?
 *A picture of Professor Peroro shows up*
 Th-That’s really sweet of you, but he doesn’t have to be your only plush. The Momoverse is full of other cute characters to collect too.
 Which reminds me that a new Peroro anime OVA released recently!
 It’s supposed to be really inspirational. I heard the part where all the friends join forces to defeat the villain is especially touching.
 Ahhh! My bad! Forget everything I just said!
 Y-Yeah I guess so. Does that make me sound boring?
 S-So you guys prefer more mature stories…
 I guess that makes me a little mundane too. Maybe I’m just a sucker for endings where everyone can still laugh and smile.
 *sob* Azusa!
 *Hifumi hugs Azusa*
 They should be at the cathedral right about now. I can only imagine how hectic things are today.
 Huh?
 *The scene changes to Azusa staring at the large screen on a building*
 Wh-What’s happening?
 !
 I don’t see Azusa anywhere!
 But what about Azusa?
 Then what are we supposed to do?
 Fade to Hina
 Oh, no…
 Mari?
 Koharu Question Mark
 …?
 Go. There are people who need both of you. I’ll continue looking for Azusa.
 I’ll be fine. In fact, Azusa might just come back on her own. I’ll contact you as soon as I see her.
 …
 Oh, Azusa… What in the heck is going on?
 Another fade to black, going to a caged in room.
 Azusa?
 It’s me. Where are you? I came like you told me to.
 Are you there, Azusa? Please answer me…
 A Little Black flicker as a silhouette of Azusa appears.
 Azusa?
 Where have you been? The entire district is in panic right now!
 Azusa…?
 What do you mean? What’s wrong?
 Azusa?
 Hifumi slowly zooms towards Azusa.
 …!
 Azusa? I’m not sure what you’re talking about.
 Are you saying that I’m not good enough? Is that what you mean?
 Azusa dots
 But, Azusa…!
 …!
 What are you saying…?
 M-Murder? You wouldn’t do something like that…
 D-Don’t say that. It’s not your fault.
 Everything will be okay.
 Sensei is going to wake up soon. I just know it.
 …
 Y-You can’t be serious. There must be another way.
 Short Black Screen as Azusa dons her Gas Mask
 That… Isn’t true.
 Azusa?
 Please, don’t go.
 There has to be another way. I’m sure Sensei and the others will…
 Azusa…
 We promised we’d all go to the beach together next time. We still need to see the debut of Peroro’s new anime.
 I…
 You can’t leave me like this…
 Azusa!!!
 <<Episode End.>>
 EP 14 - A Light in the Darkness.
 The Arius Squad and Council are blindsided by Azusa as they’re about to advance on Trinity. Azusa is captured, but manages to use the token Hifumi gave her to escape. She struggles with feelings of guilt over having used Hifumi’s precious gift as an explosive.
 Sensei…
 Sensei, it’s Azusa. She’s…
 She’s fighting all by herself. She’s out there all alone, still struggling…
 I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to help her…
 Is there anything an ordinary girl like me can do to help?
 I know it’s dangerous, but there has to be a way. I want to help Azusa.
 Koharu…
 I’m what…?
 Hanako… Koharu…
 …
 All right. I get it completely.
 I’ve learned my lesson. I won’t give up, and I won’t get down on myself.
 I’ll do whatever it takes!
 So let's go, Sensei. We’re going to save Azusa.
 Things are going to be different when I talk to her this time.
 Right.
 There’s something I need to get off my chest.
 I refuse to believe what she told me.
 Exactly! This time I’m going to get through to Azusa and everyone else!
 …
 I’m just an ordinary student.
 …
 So you keep telling me. I’m just a normal, ordinary girl.
 I get it, okay? That gas mask you were wearing, the face you’ve been hiding…
 That’s supposed to be the real Azusa, right? The one that came from a completely different world than a plain, ordinary girl like me could understand. That’s what you’ve been telling me.
 No, listen!
 You’re the one who’s wrong, Azusa!
 I’m not the ordinary, nice girl you think I am. I’ll show you!
 My true identity is…
 Hifumi dons a paper bag with the number 5 on it.
 … Faust! Leader of the Masked Swimsuit Gang!
 Now do you see? This taiyaki bag strikes even more fear into people’s hearts than your gas mask does! Behind it lies terror that you can’t comprehend!
 As I was saying!
 Azusa dots.
 We’re not as different as you think!
 We’re one and the same. So there’s nothing wrong with me being by your side.
 So don’t label where either of us belongs or say that we can’t be together.
 Don’t try to push me away.
 Because even if you do, that won’t stop me.
 I’ll always be by your side, Azusa!
 …
 You guys… Thanks.
 Scene change to city, Various characters from the Sisterhood and Justice Task Force appear.
 …
 I meant what I said, Azusa. I’m still upset with you.
 But more than anything, I’m glad you’re okay.
 Friends get angry at each other sometimes, but I know it wasn’t your fault. I’ll always forgive you, even if you don’t forgive yourself.
 But I’m not going to forgive them!
 Malice? Hatred? That’s the truth of the world as they see it?
 That everything in life is meaningless?
 To hell with that!
 B-But Azusa. You can’t go alone…
 Promise you’ll both come back!
 Okay!
 …
 H-Haha… Well, the thing is…
 …I went to a Peroro concert and sort of forgot I had an exam the next day.
 I-I’m sorry, Sensei. We really let you down…
 B-But at least we don’t have to worry about being expelled this time, and the exams should be normal!
 S-Sensei?!
 Oh, there you are, Sensei!
 Don't worry about it. More importantly, take a look! They're our latest mock exam scores!
 64 Points (Pass)
 Yeah, you're doing a lot better! Almost there, Azusa!
 I know! You scored a 15 on your last exam, but now you're up to 49. That's the biggest jump out of all of us!
 Y-Yeah! Keep it up!
 U-Um... Hanako?
 Well...I suppose so, technically.
 That's right. We'll all be above passing sooner than I thought if we keep this up.
 Y-You remember the real goal is to avoid failing, right?! The rewards were just incentives.
 Secondary?! I mean, I respect it as a fellow Momo Friends fan, but still…
 ding dong
 Huh?
 Y-Yeah, but who would come all the way here to visit us?
 What are you talking about, Azu—
 BOOM
 Azusa…
 Azusa!!!
 [Annex Entrance]
 Smoke enveloping the area
 A-Are you okay?! You're not hurt, are you?
 I'm much more worried about your comfort right now!
 Wait, I know that uniform... Are you from the Sisterhood?
 Azusa…
 !
 ?
 Hifumi nudges Azusa towards Mari
 So what brings someone from the Sisterhood here?
 Rescued?
 Someone was harassing the poor girl?!
 You have to be kidding me…
 I don't think that's what's important…
 You want our underwear too?!
 Fine... Here you go.
 (Sensei. Can I talk to you later? It's about Hanako.)
 Are you there, Sensei? It's me.
 Door opens
 Sorry I took so long. I know I'm here later than last night…
 Door closes
 Oh.
 …
 THUD
 I-I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt! I had no idea the two of you were—I mean, how long has this been going on?!
 I-I'm sorry! I never would have imposed had I known! I'll c-come back later, Sensei. Wait, no! I mean, I won't bring the mood down again, so the next time we should talk would be tomorrow and I...! I...!
 And you just needed some advice...?
 But why do you keep calling your swimsuit your pajamas?!
 U-Uhhh…
 …
 Azusa…
 Come to think of it, neither have I. Azusa is usually the last one asleep, but the first one out of bed…
 …
 …
 It's not that simple…
 Failing isn't the worst thing that could happen! If we fail the last two exams…
 ...we'll be expelled! We'll be forced to leave Trinity!
 …
 …
 Does it? I don't think it makes sense at all.
 And that goes for you too! Didn't your grades use to be at the top of the class?! You were earning perfect scores in advanced third-year level classes despite only being a first-year!
 I...found out while looking at last year's tests when I was putting together our mock exams. I'm sorry for invading your privacy.
 But why? Why did you choose to begin failing this year? If it keeps up, then the rest of us will be…
 H-Hanako. It's fine—I already forgive you.
 Hanako thinks
 But why?! What would compel you to do something like that?
 …?!
 N-No, you've already done plenty! You taking the exams seriously from now on is more than enough.
 I think so. Sensei was the only person I had talked to about it until now.
 What?!
 D-Did you just call her a witch?
 And you're more like a detective, Hanako. I'm amazed.
 Nagisa told me that she's searching for "Trinity's traitor".
 Me?! A-Am I really a suspect too?
 I guess I'd have to be if she placed me here... Wh-What did I ever do to fall under suspicion?
 That'd be great. Please keep us in the loop if you learn anything.
 That's not what's happening!
 You're right. We should be getting to bed.
 I'll talk to you tomorrow, Sens—huh?
 It's really coming down.
 Morning. It looks like Azusa is the last one to get up today.
 Th-The sound of thunder might make it hard, though.
 This is bad!
 Hifumi and Koharu whisk away
 Azusa gets up
 I don't know about this…
 That's right. First, let's change into something dry and warm. We're going to catch colds if we keep wearing these.
 Is something wrong?
 Huh?
 You too? Wait! Neither do I…
 *sigh*...
 I think the power went out.
 Wh-What was that sound?!
 *sigh* There must be another way…
 W-Well, this kind of thing happens to old buildings in thunderstorms.
 I-I'm not denying that making memories is part of any good camp…
 U-Uhhh…
 That sounds more like corruption than enjoyment…
 I could never get a good read on you when we first met, but it's a relief to hear you've been enjoying yourself.
 !
 Azusaaa! Come give me a hug!
 ?
 Azusa gets assaulted
 <*squeeze*>
 I saw it on a pamphlet! That's the one they're calling the fantasy fish, right?
 You've never been to the beach, Azusa?!
 H-Haha…
 …
 Scene change
 Defenses?
 (Then how do you explain what happened to Mari yesterday?)
 Oh…
 The power's back.
 We should restart the laundry and get to drying everything again.
 Wh-What?!
 ?
 You want to sneak out?
 H-Hahaha... Wh-Who knows? Maybe…
 But Koharu's right. We're in the middle of a mandatory boot camp. There could be dire consequences if we were caught sneaking out now.
 You too, Azusa?! When did you get changed?
 Well…here we are.
 A little further up the road is a Momo Friends merch store that's fully automated. And across the street from that is a shop that only sells collectibles.
 A-Ahaha…
 …
 Oh, the special parfaits they have here are amazing! I didn't know they stayed open 24 hours a day…
 Wow, we're really out in the middle of the night getting dessert. This is so exciting!
 Um...do you still have that special parfait on the menu?
 Oh, that's too bad…
 That's right! Koharu will be passing in no time at this rate.
 You're not thinking what I think you are...are you?
 A-Are we really doing this?
 Th-Thanks. I thought we got caught up in the heat of the moment.
 Phew. What a day.
 It's getting pretty late. We should get to sleep soon or else studying will be hard tomorrow.
 Good night, everyone. You too, Sensei.
 Y-You're the one who's early.
 Yeah, that's true. So that's what you've been preparing for?
 In that case, let's jump right into the next mock exam!
 <Second Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam>
 Fade to white
 They're all moving at a much faster pace than before!
 Bell rings
 <I graded everyone's tests once the exam was over.>
 Whenever you're ready, Sensei.
 75 Points (Pass)
 W-We did it?! Everyone passed?!
 Way to go, Azusa! You didn't just get a D—you jumped all the way up to earning a C!
 Way to show us what it means to be a member of the Justice Task Force!
 You passed this time too, Hanako.
 I'm happy for you, but…
 I still don't understand why you ended up here, but I'm glad you're taking things seriously.
 I'm going to keep pushing until you recover the scores you had before. I promise.
 Well, now it's time for the promised Momo Friends merchandise giveaway!
 THUD
 Since everyone passed, you all have a chance to pick! Take whichever one you want!
 Hmm.
 I told you, Peroro is a bird, not a hippo…
 M-Me?
 Hmm. You said you really like Skullman and Professor Peroro…
 …
 Picks up
 Then let's go with the scholarly Professor Peroro!
 Professor Peroro is known for being knowledgeable and studying hard.
 I picked this one because it suits how much you've learned and how hard you're hitting the books.
 N-Never mind that the backstory is that Peroro studied so hard that he went a little cuckoo. That part doesn't matter…
 I appreciate it, but you don't have to thank me. You're the one who earned it.
 Th-That's a little embarrassing... And I told you: He's a bird, not a hippo!
 Tomorrow's the big day.
 I know it's been a short week, but I'm sure all the hard work we've been putting in will pay off.
 Passing the last mock exam proved it. We're more than ready!
 So don't let up! Let's study as hard as we can today!
 I don't know about getting a perfect score, but I'm sure we can all do this.
 So let's hit the books! One more day to go!
 I think we did exactly what we set out to do today!
 Now we're all ready for the second exam tomorrow.
 We've been at boot camp for a week now, and I know we have what it takes to pass with flying colors.
 And once we do, we'll all officially graduate from the Make-Up Work Club.
 Let's not let all of that studying go to waste!
 We're going to end our time together on a high note!
 It's not like we're living the end of a teen drama and never going to see each other again. And we can worry about hanging out again after we've passed our exams.
 Anyway, why don't we turn in early tonight so that we're rested for tomorrow?
 Oh, right. I haven't read the announcement yet.
 Let's see. I just need to check the academy notice board on my phone and…
 Huh?
 Wh-What?!
 Wh-What's going on?!
 E-Even I've never scored that high before…
 It looks like this was posted late last night. Why would they make so many sudden changes the day before the exam?
 …
 It also says the test location and time have been moved. The new location is..."Gehenna district, Zone 15-77. Abandoned building, first floor..."
 Gehenna district?
 Why are we taking the exam in Gehenna?!
 I'm sorry we didn't tell you the truth sooner. I never thought things would become this dire…
 Wh-Where? Why now?
 It's at three in the MORNING?! Really?!
 Hmm.
 Are we going there to fight? I thought we were going to take the exam!
 You have to be kidding... Why has it come to this?
 Guns cocked and loaded
 W-We're on our way to take an exam.
 I-I know how it sounds…
 I was afraid something like this would happen…
 S-Sorry about all this. We're just passing through.
 <<To be Continued>>
 11 - The Second Exam Part 2
 The Prefect Team stop the Make-Up Work Club upon their arrival, mistaking them for theJustice Task Force. The Gourmet Research Society arrives just in time and helps clear the way for the Make-Up Work Club. However, everyone still flunks the exam due to Nagisa's interference.
 [Gehenna District]
 Footsteps
 We finally made it.
 There's a checkpoint up ahead.
 N-No, of course not! We're just passing through…
 I-I know it sounds far fetched, but it's the truth.
 But won't that just make us look guilty?!
 Whoosh
 Explosion
 Azusa, WHY?!
 I have no idea what's going on anymore…
 Time skip
 U-Uh... Thanks, I think?
 Ahhhhhh!
 Another explosion
 How did it come to this?!
 It's not me! That's the ground shaking below us!
 Another explosion
 Ahhhhhh! Something exploded again!
 Intense moped sounds
 I'm trying! I'm trying!
 Why is the Gehenna Hot Springs Department after us?!
 A-Azusa?!
 Huh?! What did you just say?
 D-Don't just hang up! Azusa!!!
 We're only trying to take an exam! That's all!
 WHY IS THIS HAPPENING?!
 Black screen and a final explosion
 Hifumi and Koharu, slowly lurching forward
 Please let it be over…
 I'm glad you're okay too. Sorry we got separated.
 I feared the worst when the catering truck fell into the river.
 …
 How are we supposed to take an exam in a place like this? And who's going to administer it?
 There's paper inside... Those must be our exams!
 N-Nagisa?!
 U-Ugh…
 You're right! The second evaluation exam officially starts NOW!
 Sensei, are you still with us?
 The whole reason we're here is to avoid being expelled.
 And if we don't put our heads together and figure something out…
 ...then we'll all be expelled by this time next week.
 …
 Sensei. About Nagisa…
 Thank you.
 We're all going to be expelled at this rate…
 Fade to black
 <I went to arrange a meeting with Nagisa after that, but couldn't track down where she was.>
 <I tried contacting Mika, but even her whereabouts were unknown.>
 [Annex Building]
 Our third and final exam is in a week, so we still have one last chance.
 I-I still can't believe she had the testing site destroyed…
 Koharu…
 Let's not forget we're going to have to raise our scores to nearly perfect within a week.
 I think we should get some rest for now.
 There must be something we can do. I'm sure of it. Sensei and I will try to think of something.
 I-I know, but I'm the president…
 I guess so. Let's head to bed.
 79 Points (Fail)
 Fifth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 93 Points (Pass)
 Sixth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 89 Points (Fail)
 Six days until the final exam.
 Five days until the final exam.
 Four days until the final exam.
 Three days until the final exam.
 Two days until the final exam.
 One day until the final exam.
 Tomorrow's the big day.
 I've checked, and nothing's changed as of yet.
 But you need to get a good night's sleep just like the rest of us.
 That's not true at all! You've helped us immensely this week. The rest of us were only able to raise our scores as high as we did because of your tutoring.
 Scoring a 90 or higher on any test can be hard, but maybe—just maybe—if all the questions seem familiar, then…
 That's true Koharu, but I really think you should rest tonight.
 It all comes down to tomorrow.
 It's strange. I was feeling kinda down about our chances. But you two are right—I should be more optimistic.
 Yes, Sensei.
 Hi, Sensei... I thought you might still be awake.
 Yes. I just can't manage to fall asleep.
 Knocking
 Door opens
 Hanako…
 Door opens
 Shouldn't you be asleep, Koharu?
 D-Don't tell me they changed the location again!
 All of them...?
 Y-You can't be serious. Nothing like this has ever happened before.
 No…
 Is all of this really necessary? Why is she so paranoid?
 Door opens
 Azusa?! Where have you been?!
 Azusa?
 And you're shaking.
 Huh?
 A-Arius? Infiltrated...?
 What?! That means you're...!
 …
 Y-You're going to protect Nagisa?! But tomorrow is...!
 Hanako…
 Hanako…
 Oh, Azusa. Why...?
 Azusa…
 …
 Th-That hadn't even dawned on me…
 It was a SWIMSUIT symposium! We were wearing our swimsuits!
 Could we maybe ask others for help...?
 F-Favored...?
 Wh-What?!
 U-Ugh…
 Sensei's commands really are something else. Wow…
 Th-They've sent this many forces into Trinity territory?!
 …
 Azusa...? She isn't serious, right?
 U-Um…
 Koharu?!
 Not to mention how late we've been staying up for the last week to study.
 Huh?
 Y-You're right! We still have to take our exam.
 W-Wait! Will we make it all the way to the outskirts even if we run?!
 *sigh* Why do things always turn out like this for us...?
 Running
 W-We made it…
 …
 I'm pretty nervous.
 Exactly. It's time to show how far we've come.
 72 Points (Pass)
 First Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 68 Points (Pass)
 Second Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 64 Points (Pass)
 Third Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 75 Points (Pass)
 The Second Evaluation Exam Results
 Hanako - Exam paper lost (Fail)
 Azusa - Exam paper lost (Fail)
 Koharu - Exam paper lost (Fail)
 Hifumi - Exam paper lost (Fail)
 Fourth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 79 Points (Fail)
 Fifth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 93 Points (Pass)
 Sixth Make-Up Work Club Mock Exam Results
 89 Points (Fail)
 Third Evaluation Exam Results
 94 Points (Pass)
 Fade to white
 All Make-Up Work Club Members Passed!
 <<To be Continued>>
 20 - Epilogue
 Seia praises Sensei for overcoming the dangers, but warns that everything will eventually end in catastrophe. Finally, the Arius Squad goes on the move.
