 H-Hanako. What are you doing?
 *Hinata steps away*
 Wh-Why are you standing so close behind me? I can feel your…on my back…
 U-Ugh...
 E-Excuse me, everyone! You mustn't fight here…
 *Tsurugi Stops*
 W-We’re here in the name of peace, remember? Fighting would defeat the purpose of the t-treaty, Miss Tsurugi.
 Phew.
 O-Oh! You don’t say…
 Y-Yes, I am. It’s good to see you again, Sensei.
 Oh, that? Not at all. I barely did anything back then.
 All I’m really good for is brute force strength anyway.
 Ah, yes. Sakurako’s orders.
 You may have heard that our order is changing some of its internal stances lately.
 She may believe that non-intervention is what led to the Tea Party incident, so we’ll be more involved with external affairs now.
 Speaking of Sakurako, she should be arriving soon.
 The Sisterhood volunteered to help with the event by offering security and escort for guests.
 So would it be all right if I guided you through the cathedral?
 It’d be my pleasure!
 *Sensei and Hinata walk to the Cathedral Gallery*
 Truly. The historic Cathedral of Communion was beginning to fall by the wayside, but it underwent extensive renovations once it was decided to be the location of the ceremony.
 Nagisa made that decision along with Makoto from Gehenna’s Pandemonium Society.
 Still, the repairs were only made to the portions relevant to the event. Any further down, and it’s all still in ruins.
 Actually, I’ve heard that below the cathedral is a massive system of catacombs.
 Supposedly it goes on for tens of kilometers. No complete record of them exists, so it must have been unclear where they ended even in the days of old.
 Oh, this way is blocked off. It must be one of the areas that was too dangerous to renovate.
 Yes. We’re standing at the site of the First Council, after all.
 The commandments agreed upon by the council are considered sacred. It’s like I can feel the spirits of the commandments’ guardians still lingering when I walk these halls.
 All promises need to be accompanied with consequences if you break them, right? Otherwise, what incentive would someone have to keep them?
 The ones who bore that responsibility in the days of old were known as the guardians of the commandments.
 The legendary Saint Justina Council.
 Yes. Although, specifically, they’re the Sisterhood’s predecessors.
 *ping!*
 Oh, it seems that Sakurako has arrived. Nagisa should be here shortly as well.
 I think we should head back, Sensei. This way.
 *The scene changes to Ako and Hina’s conversation at Gehenna*
 Sensei… *cough* *cough* You’re okay!
 Thank goodness. You were buried underneath the rubble.
 Hold on. I’ll get you out!
 I’m glad my muscles are coming in handy at a time like this… There. Can you move?
 You don’t seem to be seriously hurt. It’s a miracle you didn’t sustain any serious injuries after an explosion like that…
 The Justice Task Force! Oh, your wounds…
 I-It can’t be!
 They must have come from underground… The catacombs below the cathedral.
 I’ve read descriptions of it before. That’s the Council’s attire…
 The Saint Justina Council! The guardians of the commandments who vanished hundreds of years ago!
 <<EPISODE END>>
 EP 8 - Day of Fire and Ash Part 2
 There aren’t just a few of them. There are tens--no, hundreds-- of them in the surrounding area!
 Step Step to more Justina Girls.
 Wh-What should we do? We still need to get Sensei to safety.
 Rat Rat Rat Rat Sounds
 We’re begging you! You have to go now!
 Apologies for barging in like this.
