 (Talking through hologram)
 Ako.
 Ako, where are you right now?
 I am. In fact I just arrived.
 Busy? Why are you busy during a routine patrol? What’s going on?
 Could it be you’re busy with something like…commanding our members in the district of another academy without jurisdiction?
 …
 You’d better have a good explanation for this, Ako.
 [TO BE CONTINUED]
 Episode 2 - The Gehenna Head Prefect
 …
 Where is Problem Solver 68? It looks like they’re confronting Schale.
 …
 …
 No, that’s all right. I think I understand.
 This must have been done for the sake of identifying and removing Gehenna’s risk factors
 But, Ako, we’re the Prefect Team, not the Student Council.
 Scale, the Tea Party…the General Student Council president…Those things are best left to the raccoons of the Pandemonium Society.
 We’ll discuss the details when I get back. Cut all communications and take some time to reflect in the Prefect Team club room, Ako.
 …
 …
 Of course.
 There has been an unauthorized troop deployment near other districts without prior notice as well as clashes with other academy students.
 …But it is also true that you interfered in the business of the Prefect Team, Abydos.
 …Hoshino?
 Could Abydos’ Hoshino be…Takanashi Hoshino?
 (Surprised)
 …
 …
 (Shakes a little bit)
 …
 …You’ve changed a lot since your first year. I almost didn’t recognize you.
 When I was on the Intelligence Committee, I took note of any students of interest in each district.
 I could never forget you, Takanashi Hoshino… I thought you left Abydos after the incident.
 …I see. So that’s what happened. That’s why Schale…
 …
 Well, never mind. I didn’t come here to fight.
 …Iori. Chinatsu.
 Gather the troops. We’re pulling out.
 (She bows.)
 For the utilization of troops without prior notice and for causing a commotion in another district…
 I, Sorasaki Hina, Gehenna head prefect, formally apologizes to the Abydos Foreclosure Task Force.
 (Screen still shows only Hina)
 Gehenna’s Prefect Team will no longer enter this area without authorization. I ask for your forgiveness and understanding.
 (She glares.)
 Let’s go back.
 (The Prefect Team disperses, but Hina stays behind)
 …
 *whish*
 (Breeze)
 …Sensei of Schale.
 Yes. I have something I need to tell you.
 I thought it best that you hear about it in advance.
 …Are you familiar with the Kaiser Corporation?
 …I see.
 …
 Both Pandemonium and the Tea Party have yet to receive this information.
 But I thought you should know.
 …
 I think the Kaiser Corporation is up to something in the abandoned desert of Abydos.
 Yes. I had no interest in informing Abydos. Their academy will soon be shut down anyway.
 …Well, then.
 See you next time, Sensei.
 …Sensei of Schale.
 Both Pandemonium and the Tea Party have yet to receive this information.
 But I thought you should know.
 I think the Kaiser Corporation is up to something in the abandoned desert of Abydos.
 *fade to black, returns to present*
 Foreclosure Task Force Room
 You’re only on page two hundred. Didn’t you tell me you’d write a thousand pages?
 No more talking.
 (Question mark)
 …No. That was my first time seeing her in person.
 …
 …Takanashi Hoshino.
 She’s a super-elite student who’d been praised as a genius. Two years ago, the Intelligence Committee identified her as potential threat to Gehenna.
 You mustn't judge people by their looks, Ako.
 …But she’s completely different from the way she was two years ago.
 She used to be much more belligerent and violent… She seemed very tough and sharp.
 …Well, anyway.
 If we had fought her as she was then, the Prefect Team would have been decimated by your hasty actions, Ako.
 And with Schale there, the damage could have been even worse.
 That’s because they stopped operating for an extended period.
 It’s such a tiny school that the Intelligence Committee must have decided that they were no longer a threat.
 If you want more details, Ako, you’ll have to dig through the old files of the Intelligence Committee.
 But even so…Takanashi Hoshino has never left Abydos.
 Why…?
 *fade to black*
 Abydos’ Desert
 Why are you all being so noisy?
 I’ve seen plenty of people fall to their knees and grovel for their lives…but I’ve never seen a teacher do the same for a student.
 Raise your head, Sensei.
 Tell me. What do you need from me?
 …
 …?!
 *Fade to black*
 …
 Got it. Get ready.
 I have better things to be doing, so let’s get this over with quickly.
 We’ll stop the enemy in their tracks. None of them will get near Sensei.
 Let’s go.
 [TO BE CONTINUED]
 Episode 18 - Never Letting Go Part 1
 No. I’ll do that.
 I was, but I managed to take care of things early. I’m sure you have other work to do, so let me take care of Sensei.
 Follow me, Sensei.
 *The scene changes and shows Hina on a hallway (night)*
 Hmm…
 So, Sensei. How go things at Trinity?
 Could I bother you for the specifics?
 I recall everything you told me on the bridge, but I also felt there were things you were leaving out.
 Not that I blame you, of course. I would expect more transparency if you were dealing with an academy like Abydos again, but I’m sure you had your reasons given this is Trinity we’re discussing.
 Th-That’s not what I was referring to!
 …
 Well, anyway.
 The truth is all a matter of perspective—there can be more than one. Those were your words.
 Trinity being betrayed at all is just one perspective’s truth. Maybe that’s not the perspective you want to hold.
 If that’s the case, then you’ll have to hold a different perspective and grasp another truth, because…
 …
 You must really trust those girls.
 Wh-Where did that come from?!
 You’ve already told me. Once was enough.
 Seriously.
 Take care on your way home, Sensei.
 No, Not outwardly.
 You’re the only one I’ve told, but it wouldn’t surprise me if Ako suspects it.
 It really isn’t something to make a big deal over. I’m just tired and need time to rest. That’s all
 Let’s leave it at that. Again, it’s unimportant.
 I’ll see you at the signing ceremony, Sensei.
 And the preparations?
 A car? What for?
 …
 As frivolous as ever—not that it matters. Though I do find it amusing that she’d arrange a car for me after trying so long to block me from attending the signing ceremony.
 Iori and Chinatsu are waiting. Let’s go.
 *sigh* I understand why you’re apprehensive, Ako, but I’ve already explained this to you.
 We’re not dissolving the Prefect Team. We’re fastening the shackles of the ETO onto the Pandemonium Society.
 …
 That’s enough for now.
 We can discuss this after the ceremony is over. Let’s be off.
 (What just happened?)
 (An explosion? Are we under attack?)
 (That sound was… something flying at high speed followed by impact.)
 (Could that have been a cruise missile? At speeds too fast for anti-air defense to intercept?)
 (Was it using a ramjet engine? But the only place in Kivotos with that kind of tech is…)
 (No. That alone doesn’t explain the scale of the damages. Was there an explosive planted in the cathedral from the beginning?)
 (Who could have laid such a trap? Trinity? The Sisterhood?)
 Zoom outwards
 (Now isn’t the time to think about that. I have to stay focused.)
 (Ako should be fine, but I have to move quickly.)
 (...)
 Sensei!
 Fade to Hiyori
 (The Arius Satellite School.)
 …
 Move.
 This way!
 Justice Task Force! Bring Sensei this way! There’s no time!
 …
 There’s no time!
 Of course.
 We don’t have any way of resisting those monsters right now, Sensei. Our only hope is to create a brief opening and escape through it.
 Tch.
 It’s nothing I can’t handle… Follow me--don’t fall behind!
 I’m going to clear the path for us!
 COMBAT START
 <<END OF EPISODE>>
 EP 9 - Bearing Witness to Hatred
 *pant* *pant* …
 Hang on just a little longer, Sensei. There should be a car we can use just past here.
 Justina Council guys and Hiyori
 Don’t you know when to give up…?
 COMBAT START
 After Combat
 *pant* *pant* …
 Ugh…
 Blackscreen with a thud
 Gahhhhhh!
 Sena! This way!
 Sen…sei.
 You’re okay. That’s a relief.
 I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised that you found me. That’s just like you.
 It’s over. I’m done…
 I can’t do it anymore, Sensei.
 I’m sorry to disappoint you. I’m so… tired.
 Please go on without me. Consider this my retirement.
 You… wanted to thank me? Why?
 If it’s for protecting you, then you don’t have to say anything.
 That was my job. It was what I was supposed to do…
 …!
 …
 Don’t say it like that…
 You’re doing it again.
 But I…
 I…
 I can’t be like Takanashi Hoshino.
 I’m not strong. Not like she is…
 She was the one who found the body of Abydos’ student council president. I’m sure that must have been hard for her.
 But even after suffering through so much, she’s still at Abydos, fighting… I could never do something like that.
 I could never be that selfless. I already…
 I tried!
 I did everything I could. I tried and tried…
 No one could understand or recognize it. I thought I didn't care, but…
 Even now…
 … you’re still thanking me for what I did. Why even now? It’s not fair, Sensei.
 I wanted to be like Hoshino and the Make-Up Work Club…
 I wanted you to encourage me! I wanted you to praise me!
 …
 S-Sorry. I didn’t mean to…
 …?!
 …
 My grades aren’t the issue. I usually get straight A’s…
 Not exactly…
 …
 *sigh* Anyway.
 Heehee…
 What were we talking about?
 I didn’t mean it deep down. I was trying to be spoiled for once…
 Fade to black
 I’ll be okay, Sensei. Let’s go.
 Back to the Present. Hina appears.
 I’m sorry to keep you waiting, Ako.
 Everyone into position. We’ll go on Sensei’s command.
 And back to the raining ruins.
 The central path is clear. Focus your efforts to the west!
 I see. Feel free to help.
 A-Abydos’ student council vice president…
 Enough chitchat.
 Let’s go.
 We meet again, Sensei. What are you doing here?
 You could put it that way, yes…
 Brief moment skip
 So that's it. The prisoners were turned over to Schale to reduce the political burden of the situation.
 We had the same thought. That's why, officially, the Medical Emergency Club will be the ones accepting the transfer of custody. I'm merely here to supervise.
 The Medical Emergency Club is mostly removed from Gehenna's politics, hence why I asked them to do this job.
 Again, they're only wounded. I doubt you've ever seen a dead body in person.
 Anyway, you have the Gourmet Research Society here? Let's transfer them to this ambulance.
 Door opens
 *sigh* Haruna... We can talk about this later.
 You're the School Lunch Club president. I was wondering where you were.
 Since you've been gone,juri has been... Well, I'll explain on the way.
 Looks like they only managed to capture three of the four Gourmet Research Society members. I'll deal with that problem later.
 Shut up and get in.
 Hold a moment.
 …
 Sensei. What are you doing at Trinity?
 So I've heard. Not much escapes us.
 I'm more concerned about the timing. Schale is meant to be a neutral organization. Why would you be spending so many days at Trinity at a time like this? Are you...?
 Never mind. I can't imagine it.
 Hmm? What is it?
 You're in a very tight spot, Sensei.
 But what was that about a swimsuit symposium?
 …
 Moving on…
 This situation regarding Trinity's traitor is rather complex.
 There's no way to know who is telling you the truth and who is filling you with lies.
 I'm not sure whether to call you cautious or optimistic.
 Are you sure it's okay for you to divulge this information to me?
 …
 There's that bad habit of yours again.
 Nothing. I was muttering to myself.
 The Eden Treaty being a cover for a military alliance is an interesting perspective…
 ...but that's not how I see it. It truly is a peace treaty, as far as I'm concerned.
 Nagisa alone won't be able to control the ETO through the signing of the treaty.
 Makoto, the chair of the Pandemonium Society, will have the same authority as her.
 And the authority will be further divided among other members of the Tea Party and Pandemonium Society to ensure the ETO isn't abused by one person's will or lose sight of its original purpose.
 The latter is still theoretically possible if they all conspired together.
 Though if it were that easy for them to cooperate, there wouldn't have been a need for the treaty to begin with. They would have worked on simply integrating the two academies.
 I also find it hard to believe that Makoto can get along with anyone.
 I don't think she's in favor of it at all... I was the one who pushed for Gehenna to agree to the Eden Treaty.
 That's a good question. Perhaps because I saw it as my opportunity to retire.
 Gehenna will be much more orderly under the ETO. It wouldn't be necessary for me to continue on as I have.
 Yes. I'll be right there.
 Best of luck, Sensei.
 Hina slowly walks off
 You'll keep the Make-Up Work Club safe, won't you?
 Very well.
 Until we meet again.
 Hina walks away
 The car drives off
