 *yawn*Just five more minutes…
 Ohhh. That's a problem... *yawn* Nice to meet you, Sensei.
 *yawn* Don't they know it's rude to wake the elderly during naptime? Time to teach those Helmet Gang whippersnappers a lesson.
 Wow, I can't believe we won! The Helmet Gang seemed pretty determined.
 Sheesh, Shiroko. You sound like you have a schoolgirl crush. Anyway, can I go back to sleep now that it's over?
 Nice to meet you, Sensei.
 Seriously. I figured we were done for once we ran out of supplies. That's some timing you had there, Sensei.
 I have a plan.
 I know I'm getting senile in my old age, but you don't have to hurt my feelings. I do my part too, you know.
 If history repeats itself, the Helmet Gang will attack again in a few days.
 So before then, why don't we go on the offensive for once? They're probably sulking and vulnerable after that last fight.
 Yeah, now. With Sensei here, we have more than enough supplies to finish the job once and for all.
 Great! If Sensei is giving us the green light, then let's hurry up and go.
 Great work, everyone. You too, Sensei.
 Let's head back to the school.
 <<To be Continued>>
 04 - The Task Force’s Predicament
 The students explain to Sensei that their school's over 900 million yen in debt and how difficult it is for them to even keep up with interest payments. When Sensei offers to help, Serika goes off on a tirade about how grown-ups can't be trusted.
 [Foreclosure Task Force Room]
 We're back!
 Why not, Serika? It's not like it's a secret.
 It isn't as though we're guilty of anything. Besides, Sensei is one of us now.
 I'm not saying Sensei can solve this problem on our behalf, but they're the only adult we have to turn to.
 …
 Back to the matter at hand... Our school owes quite a bit of money to a loan company. It's a challenge, but not exactly an uncommon problem either.
 The real issue is...that it's over 900 million yen.
 …
 That's the long and short of it.
 Now that you've helped us scare the Helmet Gang away, we can return our focus to
 paying off the debt.
 Even if we appoint you as our club's advisor, you don't have to trouble yourself with our
 debt. It was kind of you to listen to our story.
 Listen to you being so noble. You're really going to insist on helping…
 Don't blame Sensei. We figured this was the only place you might work, so we just came by.
 I didn't know you were into this kind of stuff. Chose to work here solely based on the uniform, did ya?
 I bet I could fetch a pretty yen ifI sold pictures of you in that uniform, Serika. What do you say, Sensei? Wanna be my first customer?
 I think what you meant was, "May I take your order?" Right, Serika? We're your guests here after all.
 I want the special miso! With extra grilled chashu!
 Order whatever you want, Sensei. Shiba Seki Ramen is one of the best
 remaining restaurants in Abydos!
 Nah, we can't make you do that. Sensei is going to pick the tab up today! Right?
 What? No one told you? Hahaha! Well, now you know!
 Where do you think YOU'RE going?
 <Hoshino made catching up to me look easy.>
 You've got credit to burn, right? This is our chance to make use of it.
 This is a perfect chance for Sensei to treat their students. Wallet-flexing opportunities like this don't come around every day.
 That was delicious, Sensei!
 Hahaha! She's got a lot of spunk, eh?
 Sorry to keep you waiting.
 Sensei was able to log in to the General Student Council's central communication network.
 It's a secret, though. We're in big trouble if they catch us.
 This is the last known location of Serika's phone before it went offline.
 They must have kidnapped Serika while she was on her way home and taken her to their hideout.
 There's no time to waste!
 What?! Our little Serika is crying? Aw, she must have missed us. I had no idea she cared so much!
 Heh. Our damsel in distress has been rescued. She's gonna be fine.
 You're right. Reinforcements are likely on the way now that the truck's been destroyed.
 Me and my big mouth! Ugh. What do you say we push our way through these losers?
 All right…
 FTF locks and loads
 Shall we?
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 <<To be Continued>>
 07 - A New Threat?
 Sensei and the task force manage to rescue Serika from the Helmet Gang. Ayane finds signs of contraband among the tank's wreckage. Meanwhile, the Kaiser PMC that controlled the Helmet Gang decides to enlist the help of Problem Solver 68.
 [Foreclosure Task Force Room]
 I'd be more concerned if she WAS still standing after getting hit by a Flak 41 artillery shell. She better get some rest.
 Oh, really? All in a day's work for a stalker, huh?
 Sounds good to me. Let's proceed a little cautiously and see where this leads.
 [High-Rise Office}
 It's good of you to join us, Sensei.
 Yeah, what's the big deal? It's nice to pull out all the stops once in a while. It's not every day we get to run a meeting with Sensei.
 Well, yeah.
 Let me see here.
 "Ready to become a boss babe billionaire? Get rich quick with the Germanium
 Granite...Bracelet...Network"?!
 Proposal denied.
 Aw, you can be so naive, Serika. Sweet, but naive. You'd better start wising up, or else you're going to have your life ruined by one of these schemes someday!
 Me! Me!
 Thank you. Ahem…
 You know what this school's problem is? It's that the entire student body is just us.
 More students means more money. Think about Trinity or Gehenna with their five-digit enrollment numbers. Then think about how much they must be raking in with monthly student fees alone!
 So we need to increase our enrollment numbers! That's our top priority.
 We'll also get more representatives and have a better say with the General Student
 Council that way.
 Simple. We abduct another academy's school bus!
 We hijack a bus full of students on their way to school, and we hold them hostage until they agree to transfer their enrollment over to our school!
 This is sure to get our enrollment numbers up!
 Oh, yeah? Well, what about Trinity? No, wait! Let's hit Gehenna!
 Heh heh. Oh, would they now?
 Whoa! Did you sew these yourself, Shiroko?
 Nonomi appears with mask on
 Dang...! It's so obvious! You gotta risk big to win big! Isn't that what life is all about, Serika?
 Denied.
 Yeah, more like I'd have a bunch of creeps after me. No, thanks.
 Why not let Sensei decide? Sensei, which idea do you think we should go with?
 It'll be fine. If Sensei backs it, then I'm sure it'll be the right one.
 Hahaha! I guess we have a winner. Let's do this!
 Why not?
 She did it! Ayane flipped the table!
 She's grown up to be such a stern young lady. It does my old heart proud.
 Everything's going to be all right, Ayane. We're sorry, okay? I'll treat you to some ramen to make it up to you.
 Wasn't that a bowl of udon?
 What'd they do, pick them up from Thugs Depot at the crack of dawn? It must have cost a fortune to hire that many of them.
 They move a lot faster when they're running away at least.
 Eh, I'm sure we'll find out soon enough. We'll learn something useful once we look into that Aru girl.
 We've managed to make it another month.
 Come on, guys. All we can do is focus on what's right in front of us.
 Let's go inside.
 They really do mean business, huh?
 Maybe we ought to capture and interrogate them…
 So it's been discontinued?
 It's obvious what we have to do next. Let's go to the Black Market and take a look around.
 You never know what kind of clues we might find there.
 <<To be Continued>>
 11 - To the Black Market! Part 1
 The Foreclosure Task Force bumps into Trinity student Hifumi at the Black Market. She came to buy a limited-edition Peroro plush, but was chased by a group of bullies. The task force steps in, and a fight ensues.
 [Black Market]
 <There's a huge crowd of people in the market.>
 To be fair, we hardly ever leave Abydos. There are a lot of weird places outside our district.
 No, but I've heard stories about all kinds of places around the city.
 Apparently, there's a giant aquarium somewhere too!
 We should all go there next time. Heh heh.Just think of all the fishies…
 You said your name was Hifumi, right? So what's a Trinity student doing in a dangerous place like this?
 A contraband firearm?
 I have no idea what they're talking about.
 Huh. I guess I just don't get the young people these days.
 The same thing as you. We're looking for something.
 Fair. You know more about this place than we do, Hifumi, so we'll take your lead.
 You seem to know quite a lot about this place, Hifumi.
 Then it's settled!
 Hifumi will be coming with us until we've got what we came for!
 Great, so you'll be coming with us. For now, at least.
 <*riiiiiinnnnnng*>
 <*riiiiiinnnnnng*>
 I'm getting too old for this kind of thing. My knees and back are killing me.
 Hey, they really are. I didn't know they had street vendors here.
 We could always use Sensei's card instead!
 Whew, perfect timing. My blood sugar was getting low.
 See? Nothing to worry about. Let's just chow down and enjoy this.
 Scene change
 I'm sure they have their reasons. You never know.
 Hey, no kidding.
 You've heard of them, Hifumi?
 The Tea Party... That's Trinity's student council ifI remember right.
 It's kind of a long story. Ayane, can you get a bead on that armored truck?
 Should've known…
 …
 Good thinking, Hifumi.
 On second thought, those papers are inside the bank... So they wouldn't do us much good after all.
 Not just any bank—the most heavily guarded bank in the entire Black Market. And it's crawling with armed guards.
 If only we could find another way to get that truck's transport route. Let's see. Hmm…
 You make a good point.
 Turns out it was the best plan after all.
 They would pin everything on Trinity if we were to be caught.
 The bag the taiyaki came in? Brilliant!
 Whoa, it makes her look like she's our boss. What a leader.
 Of course we are, Hifumi. Remember? We're sticking together today.
 It's no use. The outer security system has already been turned off.
 Everything's going according to plan! Time to move to the next phase. Give us your orders, Faust!
 Heh heh! Better do as Faust says. You don't wanna make her angry. You wouldn't like her when she's angry.
 Then, c'mon! Let's move it, people!
 Let's not waste any time. They're going to catch up to us soon.
 She probably doesn't want to take it off because it's helped her discover her true calling. It's like a piece of her soul now, probably.
 Shiroko. You have the transport logs, right?
 Huh? What is all this stuff...? Are these bundles of cash?!
 Let's see... There‘s at least 100 million yen in there, from the looks of it. Wow, we really did rob them of 100 million in five minutes!
 Hmm. That's true...but what do you think, Shiroko?
 I can always count on you to know what I'm thinking, Shiroko.
 What we need are those documents! Not the cash.
 If we cross this line today because it's us versus criminals, what about the next time? Or
 the time after that?
 If we start getting desensitized to that sort of thinking, soon we won't see any line at all.
 Then one day, something really crucial is gonna force our hand, and we're gonna end up doing something we really shouldn't do, while making excuses that we had no choice.
 I wouldn't want my adorable underclassmen to end up like that.
 And what's the point of protecting the school if that's how we go about it?
 We could've just used Nonomi's solid gold credit card to pay off the debt if this is the way we were going to go about things.
 Heh. Something like that.
 So, that's why we're leaving the bag behind. Only take the documents. President's
 orders.
 Much appreciated.
 (Not sure. It doesn't look like she's going to make the first move.)
 (We go way back.)
 (Uh, I think she's got the wrong idea about this...)
 We're supposed to wear swimsuits along with our masks, but we were in such a rush that we only brought our masks with us.
 Bwahaha! An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth! Forsake mercy and walk the path of chaos! That's our motto.
 Now, time for us to ride off into the sunset!
 We were going to throw it away anyway. Just forget about it.
 Hmm…
 Don't be a stranger, you hear me?
 …
 I doubt the hot shots at all the other academies haven't figured it out by now. It's not like they don't have manpower to dedicate to intelligence gathering.
 You're so innocent, Hifumi. The world isn't all sunshine and rainbows, you know.
 I appreciate the gesture, but I don't know what good it'll do to tell them. In fact, it might just make things more complicated for us.
 Our school is on the verge of collapse. It doesn't matter if it's a super-academy like Trinity or Gehenna. There isn't much anyone can do to change things. Do you get what I'm saying?
 Give me a break. I'm old, cranky, and my back hurts too much to trust anyone at this age.
 Glad to hear it. Thanks for all your help, Faust.
 Dismissed!
 <<To be Continued>>
 17 - A Gathering Storm
 Aru grapples with the thought of using funds acquired by Aru grapples with the thought of using funds acquired by To lift her spirits, Problem Solver takes her to get Shiba Seki ramen. Meanwhile, a man in a black suit appears before Hoshino with a clandestine proposal.
 [Problem Solver Office]
 Hey. Good morning, Sensei.
 Look comfortable, don't I? Nonomi's lap is super soft and perfect for taking a nap. It's like my very own pillow.
 Nope! I have dibs on this lap, so why don't you back off and take one of those chairs over there, Sensei?
 *stretch*
 Gets up
 *yawn* How is everyone already so busy this morning?
 Wow. And you came to school early to tidy up the club room, Nonomi? You're all such hard workers.
 As for me? Heh. As if I'd be up to anything right now!
 Nope. I've already got way too much on my plate. Plus, I'm just an wrinkly old coot who can barely endure extracurricular activities.
 Anyway, the others should be arriving soon now that Sensei is here. I'm gonna go kill some time.
 Today's my day off! I'll be out for the day, so call me if anything comes up.
 Hoshino leaves
 …
 Hoshino leaves
 {Next BG}
 …
 What do you want this time, Black Suit?
 This again? Would you give it a rest already?! I've already...!
 …
 Sorry, sorry. I was just taking a little nap. I know I’m late.
 The Gehenna Prefect Team… You followed Problem Solver all the way here?
 All right, I don’t know what happened, but everyone in the Foreclosure Task Force is present. So shall we try this again, Prefect Team?
 Huh? Do you know me?
 …
 Eh?
 Uh, I don’t really understand what’s going on. What happened?
 Sorry, sorry.
 …Hmm, okay. You’re right, Ayane. Let’s call it a day. We’ll meet in the club room early tomorrow.
 Ow… That hurt, Shiroko.
 Act? I don’t know what you’re talking about…
 It’s not a lie… Huh?
 …
 Um… So…
 Guess I got caught trying to sneak in a nap to rest my old bones.
 But that’s not fair. You already know how lazy I am. It comes as naturally to me as breathing.
 You don’t have to get so angry. Shiroko tends to take things too seriously.
 Well, it should be about time for the meeting. Let’s head to the club room.
 (Leaves the classroom)
 Hmm…
 …
 What’s this? A map?
 What?!
 What are you talking about, Ayane? This Abydos district doesn’t belong to Abydos? Then…
 *flap*
 This is…
 …!
 What?!
 It must have been the Abydos Student Council.
 The Student Council has voting rights on school assets. Only the Student Council would be authorized to do this.
 I see. Two years ago…
 …
 Even if you had known, there’s nothing you could have done.
 This happened before you entered the school, before the Foreclosure Task Force had even been formed.
 Oh, well, that’s true, but I never met the upperclassmen from two years ago.
 By the time I joined the Student Council, all of the former members had already resigned.
 The number of enrolled students was single-digits, there were no faculty members, and classes had been suspended for a long time.
 The Student Council room was like an empty warehouse, and none of the previous members had left any documents. It was a time when the school building was moved several times to avoid ruin.
 The last Student Council was only the new student president and me.
 The president was an idiot with the lowest grades in school and accepted the position blindly, and I was an ill-tempered first-year.
 Ugh…Everything was a mess.
 No, she’s right. We may have called it a Student Council, but we were so incompetent.
 I ended up joining the Student Council by accident… Hmm, I was pretty aimless back then.
 I had no idea what I was doing… I was a total idiot.
 Huh?
 Is that right? I don’t remember…
 Wh-What is this? What’s come over you, Shiroko?! Hearing you say that makes me feel so embarrassed!
 E-Eh?
 Oh, I didn’t know those upperclassmen very well, but I’m sure they worked hard for the benefit of the school.
 Perhaps they did it to pay off the debt…
 …Oh.
 I see.
 It’s a trap they’ve been preparing for a long time. Maybe even decades…
 It was all a massive conspiracy…
 …
 When people are suffering, they become desperate.
 And desperate people…will do anything to alleviate their suffering.
 Just quoting someone else. That’s all there is to it, Serika.
 *fade to black*
 In the abandoned desert…
 …Wow, Serika. You actually had a good idea for once. You’ve grown so much. I’m so proud.
 …
 [TO BE CONTINUED]
 Episode 6 - Into the Abydos Desert Part 1
 Hmm. Is that all there is to it?
 Well, we can figure it out when we get there. We’ll just have to see for ourselves.
 Let’s keep going.
 [Battle]
 *Foreclosure Task Force VS Helmet Gang Thugs*
 [TO BE CONTINUED]
 Episode 7 - Into the Abydos Desert Part 2
 Wow, it’s been a while since I was last here.
 I came out a few times as part of my work for the Student Council.
 If you go a little farther from here, you’ll find the oasis where the Abydos Desert Festival was held!
 Well, it’s all dried up now. They say that it was once bigger than most lakes and deep enough for boating.
 I’ve never seen it myself, though.
 That’s right. People from other schools also came to the festival. But, that was decades before the desert moved in.
 Well, I heard that it used to be a nice place to live. There wasn’t so much sand or dust back then.
 Hmm. Broken drones and automata…
 Wh-What? Ayane, are you sure?
 There’s nothing here but a dried-up oasis.
 …
 This definitely wasn’t here before…
 *Shooting sounds*
 Well, I don’t know who they are, but if they’re here to welcome us, we ought to respond in kind!
 Let’s go!
 [Battle]
 *Foreclosure Task Force VS PMC Soldiers*
 [TO BE CONTINUED]
 Episode 9 - Kaiser PMC Part 1
 Ugh, wh-who are there guys?!
 And…?
 Kaiser PMC…
 …
 There’s just no end to this…
 They’ve got us surrounded…
 (That’s…)
 (That person was…)
 You’re…the one from…
 …Let’s go back, everyone.
 We can’t fight them here. That’s what they want.
 …
 …
 [TO BE CONTINUED]
 Episode 12 - Secrets
 Miracles don’t exist.
 Something like that isn’t going to happen!
 Why would people visit a place in the middle of a desert?! Stop daydreaming!
 …!
 Miracles, luck, fortune…
 You’re the president of Abydos’ Student Council! You need to take your position more seriously!
 *rip* *riiip* *riiiiiiiip* (Ripping paper)
 Foreclosure Task Force Room
 …
 All right. I’ve heard enough.
 You’re going to go red in the face running around in circles like this.
 Don’t worry about it. I couldn’t stay mad at you, Shiroko.
 Come on. Let’s call it a day.
 We’re done here! Let’s cool our heads and meet up again tomorrow. Consider that president’s orders.
 What’s up Shiroko? Not going home?
 Sure. Is there something you wanted to say to me?
 Oh. you too, Sensei?
 But I’m so beat from today. A lot happened.
 Can it wait until tomorrow? I think I already know what this is about.
 Well, well, Sensei. When did you and sweet little Shiroko become close enough to understand each other just through eye contact?
 An old-timer like me should have known better than to underestimate you.
 Hmm? About what?
 (Shakes a bit)
 Oh. Isn’t this…?
 Ack! When did you…?! Wait, this is Shiroko’s doing, right?
 I can’t believe you’d betray me, Shiroko. You can’t go digging through your president’s bag!
 And you, Sensei! Shiroko’s sure to become a supervillain when she’s your age if you keep advocating the cool crime of stealing
 …
 So that’s how it’s going to be.
 …
 You’ve really got me by the short ones, huh?
 *sigh* Fine.
 (She takes a step back)
 Mind going on a walk with me, Sensei?
 *cough* *cough* The sand’s pilling up here too.
 There aren’t enough of us to keep a building this big clean.
 If only the sandstorms would calm down.
 Pretty messed up, huh? All these school years under my belt, but each of them was buried in sand.
 What makes you think that?
 I heard this was a big, prestigious school before desertification, but my memory isn’t what it used to be.
 All I can remember is the school being a mess where nothing ever worked out.
 The school I first walked into all those years ago is now buried under sand, and all of the upperclassmen I looked up to are long gone.
 This isn’t even the school’s main building. It’s just an annex that we ran to after every other building was lost to desertification.
 Then again, I wouldn’t have met Shiroko, Nonomi, Ayane and Serika had I not come here.
 *sigh*
 Heh. I guess I am somewhat attached.
 Can I be honest with you, Sensei?
 I’ve been receiving offers from some weird people for two years now.
 The Kaiser Corporation.
 I guess you could call it headhunting. They’ve contacted me multiple times since I came to Abydos.
 Recently too…
 No. My answer isn’t going to change. I’m not doing that.
 Their offer was too good to be true, but I kept refusing. I knew that if I left, Abydos would fall for good…
 I think they’re recruiting people for their PMC.
 I don’t know either… I just call him Black Suit.
 Something about him gives me the creeps. I’ve never seen anyone who looks like that in Kivotos.
 But as suspicious as he looked, he didn’t actually cause any trouble.
 One thing’s for sure—even the Kaiser director is afraid of him.
 …Oh.
 It’s not like I haven’t had my doubts all this time. You could say that letter is proof of that.
 Let me see that. I’ll throw it out.
 Heh. See? Now it’s in the trash.
 I get that you all had your suspicions. I didn’t want to drag up ancient history, as if that would do us any good.
 But they are my underclassmen, and I do owe it to them. I’ll tell them the whole thing tomorrow.
 It’s not exactly a happy story, but I know I shouldn’t be keeping secrets from them.
 I have no idea how to go about this…
 …
 Maybe. Anything can happen…even miracles.
 …
 All right. We’ve talked about this long enough.
 See you tomorrow, Sensei.
 Bye.
 *fade to black*
 Y-Yeah?
 …
 Heh. Did I look that discouraged?
 (...)
 (Approaches Sensei)
 Okay, Sensei. Thanks.
 *fade to black*
 Foreclosure Task Force Room
 (The next day.)
 (Letter) To the Abydos Foreclosure Task Force,
 Forgive me for doing this with a letter. It felt more old-fashioned this way, which suits me perfectly.
 There’s something I’ve been keeping from you.
 A recruiter has been coming after me for a while now.
 Become a Kaiser PMC mercenary for life in exchange for Abydos’ debt being paid off. That’s the long and short of the terms.
 Not too bad a deal, eh? They must value the skills of a wily old veteran like me.
 I’ll take care of the debt somehow. Maybe not all of it, but I should be able to lighten the burden on you guys.
 I know I talked a big game at the black market. I’m sorry I couldn’t keep my word.
 *scribbles*
 Is that all you need?
 And the Foreclosure Task Force will be fine.
 I’ll have to leave Abydos and Kivotos altogether, but it doesn’t matter.
 This is what I get for being a stubborn old mule.
 Let me take responsibility…
 …as the final member of Abydos’ last Student Council.
 So this is goodbye.
 To Sensei,
 To be honest, I’ve never liked adults. I didn’t think they could be trusted.
 Ever since I heard about Shiroko having to carry you on her back, I couldn’t help but think. “Damn. They must be useless.” Heh. Am I wrong?
 But in the end, you turned out to be… Well, you know. Besides, some things are better left unsaid, aren’t they?
 Sensei.
 I know it’s selfish to ask, but there’s a request I’d like to make. Shiroko is a good girl at heart, but she can be a loose cannon if you take your eyes off her.
 So if she stumbles, I want you to be there to catch her. Okay?
 Please.
 Where are we headed?
 To all of you,
 Please look after our school.
 It’s just a desert now, but this is the only place left that has any meaning for me.
 Also, if we ever end up facing each other as enemies…
 …don’t hesitate to destroy my halo.
 Please.
 What are you doing?! This wasn’t the deal!
 Why are you attacking Abydos?! Why?!
 *Prison cell closing sound*
 …!
 …!
 Now I get it.
 All this time…
 …I was being manipulated by adults yet again.
 …
 I’m sorry, everyone. This is my fault.
 Shiroko. Nonomi. Serika. Ayane.
 Yume…
 …
 I’m sorry.
 …
 I…
 *Fade to black*
 …
 Sensei…
 But we see each other every day.
 I saw you yesterday, I saw you today, and I’ll see you tomorrow too. What’s the big deal?
 Miracles are supposed to be incredible and rare, aren’t they?
 …
 *A loud explosion is heard at the distance*
 (What’s going on…?)
 (I can move my body again. Am I dreaming…?)
 (I thought I could hear everyone’s voices. I must be dreaming.)
 (It sounded like…)
 *Footsteps*
 (Have they always been like this?)
 (Dream or not, it’s good to… One last time…)
 *clunk* (Metal door opening?)
 *fade to white*
 Huh…? But how?
 Why? I thought I was…
 *fade to white*
 …Oh.
 Now I get it. This must be Sensei’s doing.
 The adult came through after all. Heh.
 …Ahaha.
 …What? Why are all of you looking at me like that?
 Ohhh, now I get it. You want me to say the line, don’t you?
 Hehee!
 I can’t refuse a favor from my adorable ones…
 I’m home
 Episode 20 - Epilogue
 Hehee!
 I can’t refuse a favor from my adorable ones…
 Great. Less time to spend working, and more time to spend napping.
 Denied!
 Wow. Looks like we got here just in time.
 An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Forsake mercy and walk the path of chaos.
 Heh heh. Who do you think you are, trying to make our leader cry? Huh?
 Making Faust angry is a big mistake. You wouldn’t like Faust when she’s angry.
 Terrifying, ain’t she? She’s chaos incarnate! Like a boss who rules the darkest underworld with an iron fist!
 What’s the matter, Faust? We didn’t go too far, did we?
 Serika unmasks
 Hey there, Miss Head Prefect! Count us in too.
 Hey, don’t be like that. You should remember my name’s Hoshino. People calling me by titles and whatnot just makes me feel that much older than I already am!
 Uh, well… You see, when you get to be my age…
 I guess it’s our turn now.
 All righty, then… Let’s do this!
 COMBAT START
 After the Combat it goes to Seia.
