 Vice President Hasumi, come in. A supply tank has been stolen from campus.
 We’re shorthanded at the moment and could use back-up… Now the thief is using it to drift around corners! Amazing!
 We have a problem, Hasumi. What's your location?
 Students presumed to be from Gehenna are trespassing near the academy. They've opened fire and are attacking Trinity facilities.
 Well, the thing is…
 Calm down. First of all, it's not the Prefect Team, and there are zero squadrons. There's only four of them.
 Yes. The attacked facility has been confirmed as...the nearby aquarium.
 They've stolen the Gold Maguro, a rare fish that was on display, and are now on the run.
 It's said to be a very expensive fish, so they may aim to sell it. We just confirmed this organization's identity.
 The Gourmet Research Society, a terrorist group from Gehenna.
 Fade to black
 Enter Haruna
 Their leader is Kurodate Haruna, someone considered very dangerous by Gehenna! Please hurry and give us your orders, Vice President!
 What's your location, Vice President? Please issue orders before President Tsurugi...takes matters into her own hands.
 I'm not sure that will be possible. You're the only one she listens to when she gets like this.
 Ah, President Tsurugi! Don't go yet! That's not a door—it's a wall!
 Breaking and exploding
 ...She's gone. Let's mobilize.
 <*click*>
 *tchhhk* Yes, we've found Sensei! But Tsurugi is a bit... Well…
 Tsurugi, please. That's a wall, not a door.
 Ugh. Too late.
 Greetings, Sensei. I'm Ichika from theJustice Task Force.
 We met briefly at the Gourmet Research Society arrest, but never formally. I'm here to rescue you!
 Heehee. Pleasure's all mine.
 Hasumi, Ichika reporting in. We've secured Sensei and Mika.
 All according to plan! Are you two ready? There's some people eagerly awaiting your safe return.
 ?
 !
 Move, move! We don't have a moment to spare!
 Huh? You're...Koharu?
 What are these? A ribbon and some accessories?
 Oh, I understand now. They're Mika's, aren't they?
 I heard they were stolen and burned by angry students. I guess what the Justice Task Force recovered got mixed in with the confiscated items.
 ...I see. Okay, Koharu.
 I'll give them to Mika.
 I'm sorry for crashing the reunion, but I have something for you, Mika.
 Here.
 There was a member in charge of the contraband storage…
 Ugh, how do I explain this...?
 That student collected the accessories that didn't burn and hid them away.
 Yes, it was Koharu.
 Woah! You know who Koharu is?
