 Good. Squads one and two, move in.
 You mean the students from that school? What was it called again...? Abydos?
 Do you really need to ask? Anyone who interferes with the execution of official duties is an enemy.
 What for? Is it even necessary?
 It's tiring enough already, going after all these loser delinquents from our academy. Why waste the time or effort? Just wipe them out with the rest if they put up a fuss.
 *sigh* They want to do this the hard way, huh? Even though it's only four of them against our entire brigade?
 But the Prefect Team standing down from a fight is out of the question. All units, prepare
 for combat!
 Huh?
 Huh? Schale? What's that?
 What are you on about?
 Tch! They're not going to give us any other choice! Engage in combat!
 What the heck?! Did we lose?!
 Well, uh…
 Ako?
 Wait a sec, Ako…
 …
 Scene change
 (Quivering)
 Wh-Who says I’m quivering?!
 The hell?! But I was just following orders Ako?!
 W-Well, supporting firepower is a mainstay of above-ground tactical deployment for the infantry.
 Th-The heck?!
 (Moves to the side)
 Wh-Where did you come from?!
 Gahhhhhh…
 *Collapses*
 I’m gonna make you pay for firing that shotgun at me!
 *The Prefect Team troops move, stepping sounds are heard*
 P-President?! When did you get here?!
 Y-Yes, President.
 What?!
 W-Wait a minute, President! What about the ones who violated the rules?
 What about Problem Solver?
 U-Ugh…
 *sigh*
 I was threatened with a shotgun, rolled around, scolded by Ako, and stared down by the president. It’s been a…tough day.
 Umm… Can you please not give me that pitiful look?
 …Okay.
 *Footsteps*
 You want a meeting with the head prefect? You think you can just waltz in here and hat with the Gehenna head prefect?
 I’ll tell you what. Maybe if you got on all fours and kissed my shoes…
 (The screen approaches Iori’s shoes at an incredible speed and then goes black)
 Ahhh!
 I didn’t even finish my sentence. Seriously?
 Do you have even the slightest trace of human dignity?
 And you call yourself a teacher! You’re demented!
 Are you some kind of pervert?!
 P-President…?
 Wait, President. This teacher wasn’t just kneeling, but kissing my…
 *sigh* How did I end up here?
 What do you think you’re doing, Ako? You shouldn’t move ye-gah.
 The Prefect Team doesn’t forgive, and it doesn’t forget!
 Understood!
 S-Seriously? Looks like even the Justice Task Force president wants in on this.
 Can you all save the class reunion for later?
