 What was that explosion?!
 picks up radio
 Alpha Squad, Alpha Squad! Report!
 Shut up! This isn’t your business!
 Did you even receive clearance to film here? This is an operation site! Get out!
 Get lost!
 Dammit! On top of everything we have to field those Kronos pests? This is ridiculous.
 …They’re not wrong though. Do I really have to resort to the Public Safety Bureau?
 We didn’t get rid of everyone?
 Hey, like I told those reporters. This is an operation site. It’s dangerous for folks like you, so please leave.
 An introduction from the senior administrator?
 She went as far as to dispatch Schale’s Sensei… I see…
 Well…
 Forgive my rudeness. I didn’t recognize you.
 I’m Ogata Kanna, the Public Peace Bureau chief. I’m in charge of this operation site.
 As you can see…
 The situation isn’t great. Morale is low because of how brutally we were shut out. And I don’t have many options left.
 The original plan was to compensate for the SRT students’ superior equipment with force of numbers. Now we have less numbers and worse guns.
 All we have left is…
 All we have left is the Public Safety Bureau.
 Hold it! What do you even think you can do out there?
 The Security and Public Peace Bureaus didn’t stand a chance. What in the world is the Public Safety Bureau going to do against SRT elites?
 What’s your plan? To go against a special unit armed with heavy weapons with your little toy guns?
 …And don’t think I’m not aware of your shooting skills.
 I appreciate your enthusiasm. But if enthusiasm could solve anything, we wouldn’t be here now.
 Remain on standby while we search for another way.
 They’re members of the RABBIT Squad from SRT Special Academy. I believe they’re first-years.
 Originally, the RABBIT Squad was to be transferred to the Valkyrie Security Bureau like the other SRT students, but…
 As the demolition was about to begin, they began demanding we reverse the decision to close their school and occupied the park.
 There aren’t many of them, but they’re armed with the most advanced weapons from SRT Academy…so we’re having a hard time with just our equipment.
 I have some records from the Student Council…
 Ah, the Kronos broadcasting drone is here. You can see the suspects in the video.
 Fade to black
 They dare attack broadcasting equipment from a third party?
 How were those bastards even allowed in SRT Academy?
 How about idiots?
 In Kivotos we have a saying. “I’ll fight someone powerful and I’ll fight an idiot. But there’s nothing more terrifying than a powerful idiot.”
 We’ll need to request support from another academy district’s Prefect Team.
 Contact Hina from the Gehenna Prefect Team…
 Huh? Have you not listened to anything I’ve said?
 We only have about five Security and Public Peace Bureaus members who can act, including myself.
 Does this really seem like the time for jokes, Sensei?
 These students aren’t combatants, just small-time idealists who strive for peace.
 How do you expect these measly, untrained students to do anything against enemies that the Security and Public Peace Bureaus couldn’t handle?
 I don’t care how skilled you are. You can’t just use pawns against a queen and expect to win.
 Some pawns are only ever meant to be pawns.
 What a piece of work.
 When, and I say when, things go wrong, Schale will be responsible.
 Listen up! The remaining Public Peace Bureau members are now under Schale’s command! Cooperate with the Public Safety Bureau, and for Kivotos’ sake, bring me back some good news!
 I’m beat.
 Not that I didn’t have faith in you, but I had
 absolutely zero faith in the Public Safety Bureau students.
 Maybe that’s what your real talent is, [NAME] Sensei.
 I’ll admit I had my doubts. But I think I understand how you’ve garnered the trust you have.
 I’d like to thank you on behalf of Valkyrie Police School once again.
 Do I really have to put up with this?
 While you did perform well in this mission, it’s not a one-stop ticket to whatever you want. The Valkyrie Police School executives will be the ones to evaluate your performance and eventual compensation.
 RIght now, return to your regular duties and wait for the reward and punishment committee next month.
 Please disregard those insurgents’ insults. They’re just bitter and angry.
 We’ll investigate their motives and go from there.
 The Valkyrie Police School would normally be the one to issue the punishment, but…
 With all the commotion and reporters, the General Student Council’s reputation is at stake now. I expect the chief of defense will step in.
 If you want, visit Valkyrie to audit the investigation.
 Thanks again for your work today. I expect I’ll see you again.
 Kanna walks away
 Fade to black
 <<To be Continued>>
 03 - The Squad’s Circumstances
 Sensei and students at the Valkyrie Police School interrogate the RABBIT Squad members. The squad members explain their reasons for not wanting to leave the SRT Academy and swear they will never transfer to the Valkyrie Police School no matter what they’re offered.
 Your name.
 State your name!
 You’re not asking the questions here.
 I’ll ask one more time. What is your name?
 Affiliation?
 Watch your words. Do you understand your situation?
 Keep resisting, and you’ll learn just how I earned the nickname the Feral Hound.
 You know, I’ve looked at your records. You were an incredible talented student at SRT Academy.
 Nearly perfect scores on written tests, and you handled the practicals as if you’ve been in combat your entire life.
 Not a single violation on your record either. A golden student from every angle.
 So, tell me. Why would top-of-her-class, dedicated, and intelligent Sorai Saki do something like this? Was the thought of being transferred to Valkyrie Police School that horrible?
 You’re avoiding the question. Answer me clearly.
 Is that really how you feel?
 Then let me ask you another question.
 When Moe used all your ammo on shooting down the drone, why did you encourage it?
 A model student like you surely knows how precious ammo is in a defensive battle.
 What did that have to do with your dignified principles?
 That’s all the of the suspects’ interrogation
 records.
 Good work, as usual. Thanks for your
 cooperation.
 Well. Honestly, I wanted to try to assimilate them into Valkyrie Police School after a period of detention.
 But the General Student Council was involved, so the consequences from this incident go way further than my reach. They’re calling for severe disciplinary action.
 They’re considering expunging their academic records and essentially exiling them.
 You’re a softie, aren’t you? I wouldn’t accommodate a criminal’s request, even if I could.
 The closure of the SRT Academy was the General Student Council’s decision.
 even with all your authority, it’d be nearly impossible to reverse it.
 I can’t answer that question…
 Sudden black
 Is that…?
 Kaya walks in
 Ch-Chief of staff?
 Ugh.
 What a coincidence. Hey there, Sensei.
 Do you have business with the chief of staff?
 Oh… Well…
 More or less. Personal business.
 I expect I’ll see you again, Sensei.
 Kanna walks away
 Door knocks
 Well… Preparations are complete, at the least. But there’s a stubborn group of hippies squatting in an abandoned building.
 We haven’t been able to get them to vacate and it’s causing delays in demolition.
 M-Ma’am. They’re not your average, run-of-the-mill homeless population. We don’t know how or where they procured them, but they’re armed to the teeth with state-of-the-art weaponry!
 They outmatch our riot gear and we haven’t been able to gain a strategic advantage.
 Plus, those SRT students you helped out have settled down in the nearby park, making it even more difficult to move.
 N-No, I beg your pardon, Chief of Staff.
 *gulp*
 You don’t mean…?
 Y-Yes, ma’am.
 I guess that hobo saved me from having to search for my garbage.
 <<To be Continued>>
 16 - Rebate
 Kanna declares that the Public Peace Bureau is now armed with more powerful weapons than the SRT and threatens to remove them herself if they weren’t out by the end of the month. But Sensei realizes the Public Peace Bureau’s weapons are from Kaiser Industries and theorizes that there must have been illegal activity between the two. The RABBIT Squad students decide to raid the main building of the police academy to find proof.
 It’s Ogata Kanna. But to you, it’s Director.
 I hardly think you and I are on nickname terms.
 That’s a weird question for a band of criminals to ask a Valkyrie officer, don’t you think?
 We’ve let you vagabonds run rogue for too long now. You are under arrest for illegally occupying a public park and inciting terror in the surrounding community.
 How foolish.
 Tell me, when did the Chief say you could stay here?
 She may have suspended your punishment, but she never explicitly approved your occupation here.
 ?!
 Yes, homeless eviction does fall under their purview. Unless we at the Public Peace Bureau determine there is a terrorist threat to Kivotos’ safety.
 Which would be our current circumstances.
 Watch yourself, Kazekura Moe. The Valkyrie has eyes and ears everywhere.
 Didn’t you lose most of your equipment during the rainstorm last week?
 I also know you sold said equipment to purchase now ones, but it’s not nearly enough to adequately defend an area as large as this park.
 Why don’t you try us? The Public Peace Bureau’s recently secured firepower beyond your wildest dreams thanks to our sponsors.
 You’re outnumbered and outgunned. No amount of elite combat skills is getting you out of this mess.
 We’ve got two options here.
 You can comply and handle this quietly, or you can fight your losing battle with your useless little toy guns.
 Sensei? What are you doing here?
 Ah, slipped my mind. Chief of Staff did leave the treatment of the RABBIT Squad under Schale’s discretion.
 Hate to break it to you, but even you have no say here.
 People way above your pay grade have already given their orders for Kousagi Town’s redevelopment.
 They’ve had more than enough time.
 …
 …Understood.
 Consider this me paying my debts. I’ll pull back for today.
 But we can’t afford to sit on our hands forever.
 Either the RABBIT Squad vacates the premises by the end of the month, or we’ll vacate them.
 …Even I have to “fall in line,” after all.
 Pull back! Mission postponed.
 !
 Public Peace Bureau leave
 Seriously, you should really refer to me as the Public Peace Bureau director. Director, at least.
 I scaled the storm drains on the side of the building.
 The Public Peace Bureau’s motto is to apprehend criminals at all costs.
 Did you think you could get away with this? I would let you walk off into the sunset after infiltrating the very school in charge of Kivotos’ policing?
 There’s nowhere to go now. Just come quietly.
 When are you children going to grow tired of your stupid games?
 You need to face reality. Kivotos doesn’t need the SRT anymore. It’s an eyesore and, now, a public menace.
 I’l arrest you here and report all your sordid activities to the General Student Council. Not even the Chief of Staff will be able to stop your records from being expunged.
 How did you find out?
 …Why…
 …Why do you little children always puff your chest out and tout your pretty, empty words?
 Fairly and equally… The ideal of public service.
 Sure, the Valkyrie Police School serves the public and should act accordingly.
 But guess what? The world isn’t made of rainbows and butterflies.
 Discipline? Justice? Hah! You hide behind your immunity and look down on everyone else. But we were the ones getting our hands dirty every day to take care of business. THAT’S what the real world is! It’s time to get your noses out of your textbooks!
 Do you think this is what I want?! You think I like being the bad guy?
 Ideals don’t serve justice! Actions do, no matter what you have to do along the way!
 What do sheltered children like you know? You don’t know anything!
 Black
 Is that…
 [NAME] Sensei…
 You don’t understand. I would’ve lost everything if I held onto my beliefs!
 I’m one small cog in the wheel! My hands are tied! What am I supposed to do, Sensei?!
 …
 I…
 Well… I better get a head start on my apology letter for all this…
 What the hell do you think you’re doing here?
 What? Where did you hear that from?
 No, wait! This is a secure area! You have no authorization to film here!
 GET OUT! I’ll break your cameras in half!
 [Kousagi Park]
