 Hm? Not bad.
 Those pip-squeeks are hard to hit. They’re as nimble as they’re small.
 However, their speed and movement are predictable. No wind and no obstacles in the line of fire. Even clinging to walls and avoiding windows won’t save them now
 Sorry, girls, but there’s no escape now…
 …?!
 Who’s there?
 Huh?
 *brat-tat-tat-tat-tat*
 Whoa! Th-The hell is that?!
 …But why? Who needs a walking chair?! And why does it have a catapult?!
 You and that “chair” don’t make sense, but the rest is coming together.
 I’d been wondering how those kids from the Game Development Department managed to make it this far on their own
 Is it because of that Sensei of yours?
 I bet Himari’s intel was just a ruse as well
 In that case…
 It’s pretty tough, isn't it? My shot didn’t come out the other side. Oh, well. Not much good it’ll do you stuck on its back like a turtle.
 I’ve got to admit, the idea of a walking chair with a gun strapped to it is pretty amusing
 However, if you really wanted to stop me, you should have attempted and ambush instead of trying to take me on with this stupid glorified wheelchair.
 Your calculations were foolish, Utaha.
 You were never going to beat me somewhere as open as this rooftop without cover.
 ???
 *whirrr*
 Wh-What’s that sound?!
 *kabooooom*
 Gah! A mortar?! But where?
 You can’t be serious!
 That would be mine.
 For getting hit as hard as you did, you woke up much faster than expected.
 Sorry, but you never stood a chance.
 That’s right The mortar girl will think twice before launching another shell. She seems rather fond of you.
 C&C snipers don’t rely on sight alone.
 Anyway, stay close to me. I don’t think my heart or your body can take any more of this.
 Then just don’t look at it!
 [Millennium Main Hallway]
 Ahhh! My eyes! The mortar can launch flash grenades too?!
 Damn it! I can’t see anything, let alone support Akane. Why are you going so far out of your way to do this?!
 I’m no gossip, but even I’ve heard the rumors.
 I don’t know much about the Engineering Club, but the Game Development Department is a pitiful excuse of a club.
 They’re just a bunch of selfish brats. Why would you go so far for them of all people ?
 They don’t even need a club to make games together!
 but still!
 *whish*
 *pow*
 Again?!
 …
 you mean the president of Seminar–I mean, the Student Council?
 …?!
 Mind your composure, Neru.
 Gah!
 President!
 Whoops.
 In any case, Aris was in no condition to continue fighting. SHe is likely going to the infirmary. Should we pursue?
 …
 Good for you, Neru.
 Oh? So you really did hit your growth spurt after all…
