 I’m jumping with joy to finally meet you, Sensei.
 I’m Shiranui Kaya, representative of the Defense Office under the Kivotos General Student Council.
 <<To be Continued>>
 04 - Chief of Staff’s Circumstances
 While Kanna and Sensei are examining the interrogation records, Kaya, chief secretary officer of the General Student Council, announces herself. Kaya explains the organizational charts of the General Student Council and why the SRT Academy was disbanded. She then asks Sensei to help persuade members of the RABBIT Squad.
 Pleasure, Sensei.
 My name is Shiranui Kaya.
 Chief of Defense of the General Student Council Administration
 Board.
 You haven’t heard of it?
 Administrator Rin didn’t explain about the board, did she?
 Ack. Truly a woman of few words.
 Well then, allow me to be your teacher, Sensei!
 The General Student Council exists to process all of Kivotos’ administrative tasks. This heady task is mainly handled through the Administration Board.
 The Administration Board is composed of eleven committees, such as the treasury and control room. Senior Administrator Rin, as you know, is in charge of the general office which oversees all of this.
 And I’m from the Defense Office! We’re a hard-working group keeping the students and citizens safe from any bad guys who threaten Kivotos.
 Heehee, it would be remiss of me to claim that. It’s not hard to give orders. Chief Kanna and her staff are the ones who are running ragged to keep the peace.
 Kanna stares in silence…
 But you know, things have been unstable since the General Student Council President disappeared. Uncertainty, political unrest, the whole shebang.
 If it weren’t for Schale stepping up to fill the hole, I certainly would be as busy as you think.
 So I’ll have to thank you again for all you’ve done. Maybe over a cup of tea one day.
 Well you see, the Valkyrie Police School students are under the Defense Office’s command, but…
 Kaya steps closer
 That entire explanation I just gave of our organization’s structure? None of it applies to the SRT Academy.
 Fade to black
 Kivotos has many academy districts outside the General Student Council’s jurisdictions, or clubs that privately manage security within their districts.
 For example, if a student breaks the law within the Gehenna district, then they’re punished by the Gehenna prefect Team’s laws. Not ours.
 But say a student commits a crime
 In shared zones like the DU, where Schale is, then the Valkyrie
 Students will step in. Easy enough, right?
 But the problem occurs if a student
 commits a crime in one district, and then flees to another. Who, then,
 is allowed to arrest them? There are even cases of Student Councils
 From different academies helping to hide them away.
 We do try to send notices seeking cooperation in these types of situations, but, well, the schools don’t always get along.
 Thus, we come to the creation of the SRT
 Academy.
 The SRT Academy was intended to be kind
 of like you, actually. An extrajudicial force that can take action against
 Criminals regardless of where they are. Naturally, with the approval of the
 General Student Council president.
 In order to achieve this goal, only the most
 talented of students were selected. And they were armed with the best of
 The best equipment.
 And, to be sure, they quickly proved their
 effectiveness. The FOX Squad, a troop consisting of senior SRT Students,
 successfully arrested Wakamo, known as the Fox of Calamity and an
 elusive criminal throughout Kivotos.
 And then… Poof. The General Student Council president disappeared.
 The President was gone, and was the
 person responsible for the SRT Academy and all its operations.
 I would like to say no one wanted to take
 charge of the highly-trained, incredibly well-armed students. But it was more
 like no one could.
 Our Defense Office was put in charge of the SRT students at first, but our…attempts were restricted because of their state-of-the-art equipment.
 And in the end, the SRT Special Academy was reduced to an empty shell.
 That wasn’t the only reason.
 Honestly, most executives wanted to maintain the SRT Academy for when the General Student Council hopefully returned.
 I was among those.
 But… Well… You see, the FOX Squad members realized that their existence was being threatened. They weren’t the type to stand idly by while we dismantled their way of living.
 Yes. The top squad of the SRT Academy that arrested Wakamo, the Fox of Calamity, and several other serious criminals.
 Until just last month, the SRT students were still armed with all of their advanced equipment.
 Hearing wind of the plans to shut the school, the FOX Squad armed themselves, attacked the General Student Council, targeting a few of the loudest voices against them, and then disappeared.
 Not only were some of the Sanctum Tower’s facilities burned down but many student council members were seriously injured and hospitalized.
 What was then the senior administrator stepped in. She ordered the full closure of the SRT Academy and immediate retrieval of all weapons.
 But before we could do so, the RABBIT Squad ran away, taking the weapons with them.
 You won’t find a single sympathetic soul in the General Student Council right now.
 Sensei, I hear you really care about all your students.
 Honestly, I’m at the end of my rope here. The RABBIT Squad members are going to have their academic records expunged. The remains of the SRT Academy will be a handful of criminals and vagrants.
 But they’re not vagrants. They’re elite students who were handpicked for the SRT Academy.
 To lose such talented students… It would be a loss to all of Kivotos.
 The end of my long monologue comes to this. Can you convince the RABBIT Squad members to transfer to the Valkyrie Police School?
 If they agree to transfer, I’ll convince the other chiefs of staff to not expel them.
 .
 I do know I’m asking no small task of you…
 …I suppose the rumors about you were true, Sensei.
 All these students have fought tooth and nail to join the SRT Academy because they believed in it. As their teacher, you won’t ask them to bend their ideals to suit the General Student Council’s needs.
 Well, I supposed I never agreed with forcing them either. How would I look the President in the eye when she comes back?
 What a situation. Technically, the RABBIT Squad should be punished to the severest degree possible for their actions…
 But rules are meant to be broken!
 Oops, I’m not supposed to say things like that, aren’t I?
 Let’s forget about that one, Chief Kanna.
 Sensei, the Defense Office will gladly cooperate with you.
 I’d like to see the happy ending you envision. Please, guide the students to their dreams.
 Instead of the Disciplinary Council, I’ll let you decide the RABBIT Squad’s fate.
 Send them wherever they want to go, keep them in Schale. Wherever you want.
 Well, unless what you want is to reopen the SRT Academy. My influence has its limits.
 Haha! I’ve never been more sure.
 The Administration Board has faith in me, and I’ll make it up to the other chiefs of staff one way or another.
 It’s a small price to pay for our ultimate goal, right?
 Kaya walks closer
 Sensei, please guide the SRT Academy to whichever future you believe in.
 <<To be Continued>>
 05 - Unresolved Distrust
 Sensei is suddenly given the task of managing the RABBIT Squad and advises the squad members to stay in the comfortable Schale office. They’re suspicious of Sensei’s intentions and instead continue camping as homeless students in the park.
 [Valkyrie Police School Main Building Lobby]
 …And now you’ve ended up here.
 You certainly have been busy, Sensei.
 Would you like some tea?
 There’s no need?
 I supposed the urgency you feel can’t be placated with pleasantries.
 Then right to the point. I’m afraid I can’t help you either.
 No matter what its students say, the SRT Academy no longer exists.
 As much as I’ve tried to find a loophole, it’s impossible to use the General Student Council’s budget for students of a non-existent academy.
 I tried to finance the park’s renovation as an excuse, but that didn’t work out either since the area’s plans for redevelopment have already been approved.
 I’m afraid the extent of my power is maintaining the students’ academic record so their data isn’t expunged.
 I’m sorry. I wish I had a better answer for you.
 …Sensei.
 Have you enjoyed your time with the students of the RABBIT Squad?
 I’m happy to hear that.
 Please continue to look after those students, just as you have been.
 !
 Welcome, Public Peace Bureau Director.
 I’m glad you could make it.
 …
 You look like your head is on a chopping block. You’re not in trouble, Kanna.
 I just wanted a report on my last request.
 Tell me, Kanna. How much progress have we made on the reconstruction of Kousagi Town?
 Come again?
 Public Peace Bureau Director. Perhaps you misspoke?
 The valiant Valkyrie Police School, protectors of Kivotos and keepers of peace.
 I would like you to think very carefully before you answer my next question. Are you to tell me that the elite of the elite of that school, the Public Peace Bureau, cannot muster the competence to rid us of a handful of hippies?
 I believe I told you to think carefully about your answer. Are you blaming me?
 You see, Kanna. I like people who take responsibility.
 Me in my position as chief of defense, you as a director… We need to take responsibility for the duties of our roles.
 What I’m hearing from you right now, Director, is presumptuous nonsense. It’s a disregard for your responsibilities. I hate that.
 And when people do things I hate, they end up in the same place as those SRT students.
 Heehee. Oh, Kanna. Just a little joke. But since you’re struggling with my request, some advice.
 Are you familiar with the Lesson of Three Arrows?
 A single arrow will snap like brittle bones. But a bundle of arrows will not crumble so easily.
 And so, what do you do if you encounter a problem the brittle Public Peace Bureau cannot solve? Simply gather more to your cause.
 I’m going to find someone less witless than you if you can’t figure out what I mean.
 Fantastic. I’m looking forward to reading your report.
 Kanna leaves
 Ugh. Why is every single person I must work with entirely incompetent?
 I must have done something in a past life to deserve this punishment.
 Oh, don’t be silly. You’re the best partner I’ve had in my life ♡
 I will say, I didn’t expect the RABBIT Squad and Sensei to become such fast friends.
 Quite the opposite effect of what I intended.
 As an expert, what’s your take on the situation?
 Haha. A boring answer as usual.
 And we’ve come full circle.
 This incident has left the Valkyrie Police
 School on a very, very short chain. And I can’t turn anywhere without those
 Kronos gnats buzzing in my face…
 I really must have done something horrible in a past life to deserve work with such incompetence.
 Oh, you know I’m just complaining. Luckily, the rebate Kaiser Corporation kindly granted directly to us has flown under the radar.
 Director Kanna can handle the fallout while our plan continues in the background.
 Trustworthy colleagues, you say…
 …What about those underclassmen of yours? They’re quite formidable.
 You can take the fighter out of the school, but not the fight out of the fighter. I realize they’re still new, but they’re still elite individuals who passed the SRT entrance exams.
 Can you really compare a ragtag group of freshmen against veterans such as yourselves, Niko?
 Which brings me back to my point.
 I’d like to invite the RABBIT Squad to join our coup d’etat.
 Black screen
 What do you say, SRT Academy’s infamous FOX Squad?
