 Chief Kanna! Kirino from the Public Safety Bureau reporting in!
 Your orders, please!
 Oh, hello Sensei. Are you here to support us?
 Heehee! With Sensei leading us, this operation is in the bag.
 Now, it’s time to fight crime and keep our city safe!
 W-Well. Th-The plan is to stop the bad guys and help the citizens…
 Yes…
 Wh-Wh-What?! Me? Kirino?!
 Don’t worry, Fubuki! Under [NAME] Sensei’s command, we can overcome any evil!
 We are the Public Safety Bureau! No matter how small the chances of victory, we must always stand for the safety of our citizens!
 Well, if we’re successful in this mission, you’ll be awarded with an actual vacation.
 And even better, we’ll prove our worth to the leaders and they’ll transfer us to the Security Bureau for our valiant service!
 Public Safety Bureau…
 Operation commence!
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 The members of the RABBIT Squad get carried away in triumph and fall for Sensei’s plan. They’re quickly defeated and arrested.
 Stop there, disruptor of peace!
 Just as [NAME] Sensei said, their leader was hiding here!
 Occupying a park meant for citizens and using illegal weapons to defy public authority…
 The severity of your crimes cannot be emphasized enough!
 Drop your weapons and surrender!
 …
 W-Wait! Stop moving or I’ll shoot! Seriously!
 Stop! Or I’ll shoot! For real this time!
 Pew pew pew
 W-W-Wait! D-Did I actually hit her? From this far away?
 Heh. I guess my shooting skills really have improved.
 I’m not surprised! I can call that move Strike of Justice, made just to subdue criminals!
 And justice always prevails!
 Fade to black
 …
 Sensei, Sensei! Did you see my Strike of Justice take down the bad guys?
 I might be at the level of the Security Bureau students now!
 One month is nothing! In one month’s time, I might be a member of the Security Bureau!
 You’re Kazekura Moe, correct?
 Absolutely not! We must complete your interrogation.
 And your concern here is candy? Please keep in mind you’re a suspect in a very serious crime!
 Cooperate, or there’ll be no more candy for you at all!
 Let me get to the point, Moe. Why did you occupy the park and disobey police commands?
 Your sentencing would have been much less severe if you had just surrendered.
 Well… I can agree that no matter the circumstances, leaving Valkyrie Police School would be extremely painful.
 Our relationships and memories are precious. I’ll not that down…
 Th-Then what were your reasons for wanting to stay?
 Valkyrie Police School could have provided weapons as well if that is your area of interest!
 Even at SRT Academy you’re not supposed to do that! At all!
 (C-Come to think of it, Moe recklessly fired bombs and destroyed shops during the last incident.)
 Although different in nature, SRT and Valkyrie were both created to protect the safety of citizens.
 But all you care about is blowing things up!
 Moe, is protecting peace not your utmost priority?!
 *sigh*
 Kazekura   Moe
 Fail
 What an unexpected meeting!
 Hi, Sensei!
 Yep! I’m patrolling the streets to protect the peace!
 And, as an added bonus, checking out all of the street vendors here!
 There’s so many different snacks in this area! I recommend the butcher shop near the front over there. Theri fried croquette is one of the best things I’ve–
 ?!
 O-Of course that’s not why I’m patrolling this area! That would be shirking my duties. It just so happens that many troublemakers tend to hang out here after school!
 Ahaha… Th-Thank you, Sensei.
 But, Sensei. I heard you’re taking over supervising the SRT students now.
 Has there been any trouble in that department?
 They could be threatening you for food as we speak!
 Or have they forced you out of your living facilities and taken over in a rampage?!
 Oh. I’m surprised to hear that.
 Considering they’re dangerous enough to point their guns at police officers, I was very concerned they would resist you at every opportunity, Sensei.
 But of course, that’s simply the limitless charisma of our Sensei. Not even those horrible students could do anything about it!
 I can only hope to become an exemplary adult like yourself one day, Sensei.
 You’re so funny, Sensei! But if you run into any problems, don’t hesitate to ask the Valkyrie Police School!
 Valkyrie’s students are standing by 24 hours a day, 365 days a year to ensure the safety of our citizens!
 We’ve also increased our patrols recently, considering all the atrocious rumors as of late.
 Unfortunately. There’s been an influx of armed homeless people terrorizing this area.
 Based on their…appearance and incessant fighting over discarded boxed lunches, we’ve deduced these individuals must be homeless people without a permanent residence.
 Apparently they’re armed with heavy firearms, as well. That’s why we’ve increased our patrols.
 They even snuck into a guarded harbor and stole a load of waste material! They’re incorrigible bad guys!
 It is strange though. They’re reported to be armed to the teeth, but only seem to be after trash. It’s an enigma, but the Valkyrie Police School is on the case!
 What’s wrong, Sensei? Did you think of something?
 I see. Well, please do be sure to report any suspicious activity you see!
 There seems to be no end to issues lately. We already have our hands full policing delinquent students with their personal firearms, and now there’s a rogue, unknown group that’s heavily-armed?
 At this rate, I’m going to be wielding a peashooter against a flamethrower! Or worse!
 Maybe this is my chance to make a supply request for the Public Safety Bureau students to have the latest firearms?
 Haha, I guess I do. Our duties aren’t even technically to fight crime head-on.
 And seeing how there’s barely enough budget for bullets these days, I can’t be selfish.
 I’ll continue protecting the citizens and students of Kivotos, even if I have nothing left but my bare hands!
 And I’m still looking forward to the possibility of being transferred to the Security Bureau as a reward for our recent achievements.
 Then I would receive better firearms and, therefore, a better way to protect the peace!
 Heehee! Sensei’s encouragement always motivates me.
 Now, if you’ll excuse me. That street vendor is calling my name…
 Oops! I mean, back to patrol!
 Kirino whisks away
 And seeing how there’s barely enough budget for bullets these days, I can’t be selfish.
 At this rate, I’m going to be wielding a peashooter against a flamethrower! Or worse!
 Fade black
 Hold it right there, villains!
 I heard there were intruders at the school…
 And it turns out to be you guys!
 I’m hard to forget, huh? It’s me, Kirino, ace of the Public Safety Bureau! I defeated you once with my Strike of Justice, and I’ll do it again!
 I’ll show you no mercy to criminals threatening the public order and peace!
 Th-They left? Hey! Get back here!
 I’ll really, actually shoot! I’m gonna shoot if you don’t come back!
 Argh!
 Gunshots
 Didn’t I subdue them perfectly last time?
 I failed my duty. The criminals slipped right out of my grasp.
 On another note, how come you were lying on the ground with a box on your head?
