 Heh Heh. You have a good eye, customer.
 I’m Kotori, one of the Engineering Club’s meisters and a master of explanations!
 And you must be Aris, the fourth member of the Game Development Department!
 Excellent deduction, Midori. This was produced using about 70 percent of the club’s budget for the second half of the year…
 Allow me to introduce our most ambitious project yet–-a railgun fit for an intergalactic battleship!
 The Engineering Club is going to develop an intergalactic battleship–right after some helicopter and general-purpose work robots!
 This railgun is the beginning of that plan. A live-ammunition weapon developed for use in the vacuum of space! No one’s ever attempted this in the history of Millennium!
 Heehee! You can count on us!
 But, actually, we, uh… The whole plan is on ice for the time being.
 Like usual, our problem is not a lack of imagination or passion, but one of budget.
 It took 70 percent of this semester’s budget just to make this one gun. To make an intergalactic battleship we’re going to need a thousand times more…
 Well said, Utaha. I agree wholeheartedly of course. If Momoi can’t appreciate laser beams, Then she’s surely a fool.
 “Supernova: The Sword of Light”!
 But we couldn’t possibly fill that request!
 By itself, the railgun probably weighs 140 kilograms. Add the optical accuracy device and the battery…and that’s almost 200 kilograms!
 Haha! That’s the spirit.
 *grab*
 HUH?!
 *woosh*
 Ahhh! The roof!
 W-Wait! Pick something else! We put so much of our budget into that one…
 …you’ll have to get through us!
 Ugh! I can’t believe we lost, but I guess a deal is a deal
 Aris! The Sword of Light is now yours alone!
 Plus, it’s a chance to hang out and get to know Sensei!
 Don’t worry, we can do this for sure! My calculations say we’ve got a whole two percent chance of pulling this off!
 Heehee I’m totally kidding! It’s actually the other way around!
 You really wanna know?! Then allow us to introduce ourselves!
 Ask and ye shall receive! The walking encyclopedia of the Engineering Club, Toyomi Kotori!
 Hehe. Akane, since we just happened to be confined in here with nothing else to do, why not take this time to listen to my lecture on relativity?
 Ugh. My lecture’s…not over yet!
 Hello and welcome to the Millennium Prize Award Ceremony! My name is Kotori, and I’ll be your host for the day’s proceedings!
 I hear this year’s competition has the most entrants that it's ever had!
 Probably because the Student Council has made it mandatory that each club enter or something!
 [Millennium Game Development Department]
 Last year’s winner was Noa’s “The Meter of Memory”. Though unusual for poetry, it was praised as a sure-fire cure for insomnia due to its extensive use of long metaphysical terms.
 This year, we have tubes of what looks like toothpaste but is actually cheese, a large missile-equipped umbrella for self-defense…
 A necktie power bank, optical camouflage underwear, a portable pencil-case-sized refrigerator– perfect for exactly one can… And finally a retro-style mobile game that went viral on the Kivotos News Network
 Tale Saga Chronicle 2!
 Out of the hundreds of submissions, only seven will make it to the top!
 And so, we’re kicking things off with our seventh place winner!
 In seventh place, we have the camouflage underwear set designed by Utaha of the Engineering Club! I’m not sure whether this underwear puts form over function…
 …but they received very high ratings for allowing exhibitionists to exercise their hobby with a peace of mind. I’d like to know who the reviewers are! Anyway, it’s only better from here on!
 Moving on to sixth place! It’s…!
 In Fifth place is…!
 Next is fourth place…!
 It’s time to crown the top three! Snapping up the third is…
 Second place was a really tight race, but in the end it went too…
 Last but certainly not least, we have our winner. our contestants that will be taking home the MIllennium Prize!
 And our first-prize winner will be…
 …announced after this commercial break!
 And we’re back, folks!
 The first place prize goes to… the New Material Development Club!
 *bang bang bang*
