 How rude. I ask that you address me as Maestro with all the respect due to the arts.
 Well, you’re much too young to comprehend art anyway. Sadly, there’s no hope for engaging conversation between the two of us.
 You lack the intelligence, class and experience. Are these the qualities of a Kivotos student? How disappointing.
 The only reason I’m helping you is because I find the ability to mimic the majesty of those guardians to be interesting.
 The lineage of the commandment guardians. I’m most fortunate to witness the royal blood’s mandates be put into action.
 With this, my experiments are that much closer to attaining the sublime.
 Maestro slides towards Atsuko a bit
 It would be meaningless to bore you any further. Now, lead me to the doctrines beneath Trinity as you promised.
 Over there, then?
 Maestro dips out to the right with Atsuko
 Cut to Tsurugi
 …
 The royal blood’s strength has weakened… Could she be dead?
 I can’t have my experiments disrupted. The Communio Sanctorum is not yet ready.
 …
 Ah. Perhaps I was mistaken.
 She had already taken precautions. Such is the course of one with precious royal blood.
 So be it. It will take time, but it’s the least I can do for a temporary comrade.
 Continue the experiment.
 The Scene returns to the Arius girls.
 Splendid. So the potential of adulthood is on display once again.
 Intelligence and dignity. Courtesy and conviction. Experience and wisdom… All admirable qualities.
 Yes… you are the one. It’s you…
 You’re the one who holds the answer to the sublime which I seek!
 Back to the basement
 Ah… That must be it!
 So this is the card I’ve heard so much about!
 Power gained in exchange for your life and time… An incomprehensible force with origins and limitations even we can’t understand!
 I wonder what Golconde would have called it… He’d probably say that it requires metacognition to understand it.
 Very well. Show me, Sensei. Show me the price you have paid.
 Show me the power worth pawning your life over!
 Respond to my work with all your might!
 COMBAT START
 [Right, this needs clarification. With Infinite possibilities I mean that you can use any of your units. There is no story lineup, you use the units you got throughout the game.]
 …
 Thank you, Sensei. Truly.
 My apologies for turning in unfinished work. I promise to have it completed next time.
 It’s just as Black Suit said. He and I don’t often see eye to eye, but I suppose I owe him a debt of gratitude this time.
 Until next time, Sensei.
 We shall meet again, in a dream.
 We searched for the Arius Squad after the battle, but they were nowhere to be found.
 They likely escaped through one of the cathedral’s underground passages, but it was impossible to know which one.
 Scene change to a bridge.
 …
 I have an… inquiry for Beatrice.
 I graciously permitted you access to my art. To the very expression of my soul.
 To help you, I went so far as to bring forth the guardians of the commandments as Mimesises. I brought your crass plan to fruition.
 I don’t need your trite appreciation. Your current misappropriation of my work is a direct insult to me. And insulting me is not a wise move.
 You dare jest? Your insolence knows no bounds.
 …
 You defile my work and then dare to belittle me? You are creating weapons with no consideration for artistry! You have no understanding of metaphors! Of passion!
 Ah, Sensei! Now there's one who understands art!
 …
 …
 …
 The rest leave
