 Good mornin’, Mido!
 I was just about to head over to see you guys, but here you are.
 What’s her deal?
 I finished my analysis. All signs point to this being the real G.BIBLE, the manual written by the legendary game developer themself
 The file creation time, last sent time, file format, and the author all match the IP of the legendary game developer you mentioned, and above all, the data has been copied exactly once.
 Yep. This is the real deal.
 That said…we haven’t able to decrypt the password yet
 Sheesh. I may be a hacker, but this is some white-hat-level stuff we’re dealing with.
 But it’s not like we’re out of options.
 While it’s basically impossible to brute force that password, we may be able to dupe it without the security file.
 And to do that, we’re going to need a tool known as the Optimus Mirror System–or the Mirror for short.
 Well, uh, we used to have it here at Veritas…
 Haha, well, the freaking Student Council came in and took it away!
 That Yuuka stormed in here a few days ago, saying all sorts of stuff like it’s “disgraceful” that we had “illegal equipment.” Sheesh. What a killjoy.
 Gah! If I don’t get that Mirror back soon, the president’s gonna yell at me!
 Heh. you’re pretty sharp, Momo.
 It’s the folks guardin’ the Students Council’s Contraband storage where the Mirror is.
 It’s the Maid Club.
 Exactamundo! Don’t worry, it’s just a minor snag!
 Whoa, what the heck are you giving up for, Momo? Don’t you need the G.BIBLE?!
 B-But, if we don’t do somethin’, the president is gonna yell at me–Imean, the Game Development Department is gonna be shut down!
 Danger! You’ve got it all wrong! We’re not Gehenna’s Prefect Team or Trinity’s Justice Task Force or something. Why would the Maid Club have to make us disappear?
 ya see, our goal isn’t to get rid of the Maid Club. All we gotta do is get what we need out of the storage room they’re guarding!
 Or an EMP?!
 The Engineering Club’s message says, “Good work. The trojan horse is past the gates”
 Standing by!
 Between our location and the storage room are about 400 cameras and a little more than 50 security robots. Some of said robots were confiscated from shady organizations
 Don’t forget about the armed guards and security cameras!
 *step step*
 Hiya, Akane! We got lost on our way to the dorms, Can ya believe it?
 Why do art and science have to be at odds? Meet Veritas’ resident digital artist, Maki!
 Looks like we got locked in together!
 That wall looks a lot more formidable than those steel shutters. We’re really stuck aren’t we?
 I thought we were toast! Where the heck does she keep all those bombs anyway?!
 Hello, hello, Game Development Department gals. miss Maki here’s got a special something for ya.
 Ta-da!
 <G.BIBLE.exe prepared for runtime.>
 Sorry for the wait. We took the mirror back to the Student Council after unlocking the G.BIBLE.
 Himari already knew everything, She said it’s not a big deal, and we won’t be needing it from now on.
 Oh, yeah, when I was decrypting G.BIBLE, I found a folder called “Key”
 Hmm. This one’s got me stumped. The file doesn’t seem corrupted, but there’s no way it was coded in a language from our era.
 Anyway, I was able to open the G.BIBLE like you wanted, but I Couldn’t get that key folder open. Any idea what it is?
 Um. You’re looking for Aris, right?
 Was I? Whatever, the G.BIBLE is the important thing here.
 COme by later when you’ve got some free time! We can analyze the key folder together.
 Alright, I’ve delivered it to you, so I'll see you later!
 Heh. I’m excited to pop ‘er open.
 …
 Momo! Mido! I tried playing TSC2! It was so much fun! It’s gone totally viral online!
 Veritas says it’s being searched more than any celebrity in Kivotos!
