 Hahaha! So you’re that Sensei person from Schale?
 Well, then! This is a pleasant Surprise.
 Indeed I am.
 You’ve made a wise decision coming to the chair of the Pandemonium Society.
 Think about it. Should the Pandemonium Society and Schale join forces, then the Prefect Team will never be able to stand in the way of progress again. It’s quite a logical decision.
 If you’ve already calculated that far ahead, then what further is there to discuss?!
 Then what about our partnership?
 …
 Yes, that makes perfect sense. Very well, then.
 The fun will have to wait for the next time we meet, Sensei.
 All right. Let’s get going, Iroha.
 Heh heh heh.
 *The scene returns to Shinon’s news report*
 Hahahaha!
 All according to plan! Hahaha!
 Everyone who would dare interfere with my plans is gone! Not just the Tea Party, but that eyesore Hina as well.
 Don’t you understand, Iroha? This is a classic example of killing two birds with one stone.
 That’s why I’ve been colluding with Trinity’s bitter enemy Arius this whole time!
 I knew everything from the very beginning. From the Tea Party’s internal struggles to the coup d’état. All of it has been building towards today!
 That’s right! I never had any interest in it. All I’ve cared about is disposing of the Interlopers in my way!
 I only agreed to it to draw those Tea Party vermin out of their holes.
 And why not finally rid myself of Hina while I’m at it? Heh heh heh! Arius was so generous to offer their support. In fact, they’re the ones who paid for this reinforced blimp.
 a symbol of our friendship. As they say, the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Hahaha!
 Now, then. Contact Arius.
 Hina and Nagisa will never stand in my way again!
 The time has come to wipe Trinity off the map once and for all!
 THEY DO?!
 Aaaaaah! How dare they make a fool of me?!
 Iroha! Where are you?! Prepare you-know-what! We can’t just take this lying down!
 What was that? What’s wrong with my hair?
 NOOO! WHO DID THIS TO MY HAIR?!
 So you must be the one they call Trinity's secret weapon, Kenzaki Tsurugi.
 You're much more of a woman than I was expecting. Almost offensively so.
 Heh heh! So, that's how Trinity wants to play it, eh? Trying to break our morale at the start of our first meeting?! How shallow!
 Iroha! Go get Satsuki. I won't allow Trinity to look down upon us!
 WH-WHAT?! They sent a stand-in?! How insulting! Are they mocking us?!
 We've been had! This meeting is nothing but a ploy! Did they only wish to demoralize us with their tall heights and large busts?!
 How DARE you underestimate me! Do you think you can intimidate me with your unflatteringly large chest?!
 I refuse to surrender to this giantess, Iroha. Prepare you-know-what!
 THUD
 Huh?
 Rumble
 Black screen
