 I-I’m sorry. This is my fault.
 It was a deal. Hanako asked for my help in persuading Sakurako.
 And in exchange…
 …I asked Hanako to change her mind about dropping out of school.
 It was the only way! I couldn’t understand how Hanako felt or talk her out of dropping out.
 All I wanted was for her to stay at the academy, even if it meant being selfish.
 Hanako…
 R-Really? Do you mean it?
 I’m so glad to hear that. Thank you both.
 Sakurako?
 Sakurako! Y-You’ve been keeping this from me the entire time?!
 Thank you, Sakurako
 Yes.
 Um…would you two mind having another chat with me when things settle down a little more?
 Hanako? Is something troubling you?
 *Hanako steps away from Hinata*
 Y-You’re kind of scaring me right now.
 *The scene changes to Sensei in Pandemonium Society at Gehenna during evening*
 Hanako! Make-Up Work Club!
 You just missed it! Some of the Tea Party’s radical followers issued mobilization orders. They’re conscripting students.
 Sakurako is also missing. The only person who can respond to this crisis is… you, Hanako.
 Hanako…
 Y-Yes!
 Fade to Black Then back to Hifumi.
 She’s speaking the truth. Sakurako asked that Hanako take command should anything happen to her. I can vouch for that.
 Those outfits…
 Wh-What?!
 Hanako…
 Hanako? Are you okay?
 Huh?
 N-No… Sakurako…
 What?!
 Welcome back.
 *cough* *cough*
 May peace and *cough* comfort find you today. *cough*
 H-Hanako…
 Thank you.
 *gulp* *gulp*
 Phew. That really caught me off guard. What was that just now?
 M-Me? An enemy?
 Right. About that…
 I was told this is where I could find the Make-Up Work Club, but I didn't expect to run into Hanako here.
 Oh. So they are…
 Right. Of course.
 I've been looking for Shirasu Azusa.
 Yes. There's a student you rescued recently that wanted to reach out to express her gratitude.
 Yes. Azusa helped a student that was being constantly bullied by her classmates. Apparently, she was called to the back of a secluded building and harassed on the day in question.
 Thank goodness the student came to us asking for advice.
 She told us you rescued her one day when you just happened to be passing by.
 As I understand it, one of the attackers you suppressed retaliated by reporting you to the Justice Task Force, which escalated to you and the task force engaging in a firefight.
 At which you point you occupied a tear gas warehouse and held the Justice Task Force off for three whole hours.
 That student came to us wanting to thank you, but after you couldn't be found at the academy...I ended up having to come here.
 Wise words. I'll pass your message along to her.
 …
 People say that you're nothing but a violent ice queen, but that couldn't be further from the truth after all.
 ?
 Hanako…
 I am, however…
 Oh. Okay.
 I'll be going now. I'm sorry for interrupting, Sensei.
 *cough* May peace and comfort find you today.
