 I’ve been wondering what you might look like, Sensei. You don't look all that different from us. I think I like you, Sensei! What do you think, Nagisa?
 Oh. Is that how it works? Sorry, Sensei. I guess I was being too informal. I guess I should say something like…I’m pleased to meet you!
 Heehee.
 Sheesh, Nagi! Don’t make such a big deal out of it!
 Right. My bad. I’ll keep a lid on it.
 Hold on Nagi. Are we really going straight to the point?! Shouldn’t we, like, make small talk or something? Chat a bit to break the ice? We could talk about how great the weather is or what we ate yesterday. Should we really be skipping all that? Isn’t the Tea Party supposed to be all about social gathering?
 You can stare at me with those pretty eyes all you want, but I’m not backing down. This has to do with proper Tea Party etiquette!
 …
 Whoa, Sensei can really read the room! Take a good look, Nagi. Those are some grownup conversational skills. Listen to the eloquence and flow!
 Hey! Why did you ignore me, Nagi?
 Are you really doing this? That’s so mean. My feelings…
 You’re just straight up-ignoring me, Nagi. Are you doing this to get back at me? You’re the worst. Is this how you treat a friend that you’ve known for over ten years?
 …
 …
 S-So scary…
 Yeah, simple but important.
 Yup. We’ve got a lot on our plates now. Things are pretty disorganized due to the Eden Treaty. We need to deal with these failing students pronto, but we’re short on manpower and time…That’s when we read this! An article about all the amazing things Schale has been doing! Finding cats, cleaning streets, delivering packages-Schale may just be the greatest errand runners Kivotos has ever seen! There was someone we could switch with all of our most tedious work right under our noses! You’re our savior!
 Why not? That’s what we’re doing, isn’t it? Besides, you’re a teacher, Sensei. These days, lectures are held on Blu-ray discs. While we still have faculty members, administration, guest lecturers, and associate professors, a regular old teacher is pretty rare. A teacher is someone who uses their own knowledge to guide others, right? In other words, a leader. In that sense, a teacher is also someone who commands respect and gives others direction in life. That sounds perfect for the Make-Up Work Club.
 Haha. I feel you. We’ve heard a lot of stories about you. I’ll save you the embarrassment of repeating what we’ve heard.
 Sensei
 (What kind of reports are they getting?!)
 (I don’t even want to know…)
 No difference in dialogue choice
 Anyway! We’re in a bit of a jam, so you taking care of this would be great!
 Yes, we did it! Thank you, Sensei!
 Yup. Each one a thorn in Trinity’s side, so to speak.
 Sure, whatever.
 Hmm? Do you recognize any of the students, Sensei?
 …
 Hmm…that’s a toughie.
 …
 Seia isn’t at Trinity right now. She’s taken ill.
 We all take turns acting as the Tea Party’s host. Though that also isn’t any of your concern.
 Bye, Sensei! See you next time. Hopefully.
 Oh, don’t act like we’re always busy. Still, this meeting with Sensei is the first time I’ve seen your face in a while. It’s nice.
 Heehee.
 Wow! The pool is full! It’s been a long time since I’ve seen this old thing filled like this. Were you planning on going swimming? Maybe organizing a pool party?
 Heeheehee. I was just wondering how you were doing.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 17- Trinity’s Traitor
 Nagi is really going all-in, isn’t she? Even signing off on you all using these facilities for your make-up work classes. So, how goes it? I hope you aren’t simply pretending to keep busy so you can have pool parties with the students. You wouldn’t do something like that, would you?
 …You don’t have to be so wary, Sesei. You’re going to hurt my feelings. Are you at least eating properly? I could always have your classes catered if you’d like. Would tea and cake be all right? My apologies. I understand. You’re not interested in small talk. In that case, I’ll get straight to the point. And for the record, Nagi doesn’t know I’m here right now. I’m by myself, as you can see…She offered you a deal, didn’t she?
 I’m referring to searching for Trinity’s traitor.
 I thought that might be it. She’s a card, that one. She didn't even give you all the details, I’m willing to bet. She just dumped the responsibility in your lap and told you to get to work. And she didn’t offer a proper reason or intent behind it either, did she? Did Nagi tell you why the Make-Up Work Club was founded this way? Really…She told you nothing at all and burdened you with so much.
 You did Why? Is it because you didn’t want to suspect your own students, or…?
 Oh? So that’s it. You represent Schale, meaning you’re ultimately an interloper in all of this-unbelonging to Trinity. It’s only natural that those of us whose world revolves around Trinity would have difficulty understanding your reasoning. How fascinating. It’s a fresh perspective if nothing else. Then whose side are you on, Sensei? If you’re not onTrinity’s side…then Gehenna? The General Student Council? Or maybe you’re on no one’s side…
 …Aw…I wasn;t expecting you to say something like that…Well, if that’s the case…does that mean you’re on my side too? I know I may not seem like one sometimes, but I’m technically a student too, you know.
 …Wow…You sure know how to flatter a lady, Sensei. Are all adults this smooth? I guess there’s no hiding how happy that made me. Heehee. But doesn’t this also prove my point? I foy’ure on everyone’s side, that means you can never truly pick sides as well, does it not? So why don’t I cut you a deal of my own?
 I’ll tell you which member of the Make-Up Work Club is the traitor.
 It’s the same traitor that Nagi has been searching for-the very person she’ll stop at nothing to expel. The truth is that the situation is much more complicated than it seems. It wouldn’t be courteous of me to simply watch you be swayed by Nagi. Did you know that inviting you to be the Make-Up Work Club’s homeroom teacher was my idea?
 Yup. Nagi was opposed to the idea. She said she didn’t want to waste the favor you owed on something like this.
 …
 I wanted it to be someone who was from neither Trinity nor Gehenna.Oh, and as for the traitor…they are indeed one of your Make-Up Work Club students.
 The screen goes dark and Azusa appears on the screen.
 Shirasu Azusa.
 We see Azusa doing one of her nightly patrols, first at the annex lobby and then in a ruined building.
 Correct. As you may know, she hasn’t always attended Trinity. She was originally a student from the Arius Satellite School, which broke away from the Trinity Union a long time ago. Well, “student” might not be fully accurate. Education was never truly a part of Azusa’s experience.
 …I’m sure you asked the same of Nagi at one point. Though, I can’t fathom how she responded. I won’t bore you with the excuses, so let me be blunt.
 The scene goes back to Azusa and the mysterious person she is meeting in the ruins. Azusa turns into the focus of the screen as she is centered on a dark background.
 : You must protect her.
 <<<To be Continued…>>
 Hmm? You want to know why I’m doing this, Sensei?
 Because I hate Gehenna.
 I sincerely loathe Gehenna Academy from the depths of my heart.
 *Flashback ends*
 Wow! It’s Nagi! Welcome!
 Hardly, but it could be worse. At least I was thrown into a tiny cell underground. They even let me have a TV. I have pretty much everything I could ever need.
 I really didn’t think I’d end up here—well, not right now at least. The timing is really poor.
 Isn’t life beautifully unpredictable? At least that’s how I feel!
 …
 I really didn’t think you’d come, Nagi.
 I thought I’d never see you again.
 You’re right. It’s been that way ever since we were little girls.
 So why did you come? It couldn’t have been to interrogate me. They’ve been putting me through the wringer enough as is already.
 Whatever it is, it must be important if you came all the way here in person.
 The covert special operations unit organized by Arius’ student council president.
 What more do you want to know? I’ve already said everything I know during my interrogation.
 From how I got in contact with Arius, to the roles of each Squad member…
 Do you think I’m still hiding something? Wanna torture it out of me? I’ve heard the Sisterhood is a big fan of that kind of stuff.
 I know, I know. You hate things like that—I was only messing with you.
 I know this must sound weird coming from me, but is Arius really a big deal anymore?
 They don’t have access to more troops, weapons, or supplies without me backing them.
 Even if Squad still has it out for Trinity, isn’t the Justice Task Force more than capable of handling them and any other remaining soldiers from the Arius Satellite School?
 I thought so… Oh, and for the record, I did try to find the location of their district, but it wasn’t easy.
 The only person who knows how to enter it is Saori, the leader of the Squad.
 If you really want to know, you could always ask Azusa. She may have betrayed them, but she was still an Arius student.
 Oh, I get it. She’s under Schale’s protection now, isn’t she?
 You really did get on Sensei’s bad side, huh, Nagi? Now you’re too uncomfortable to ask for a favor.
 Sensei’s allegiances are with the students, so they’re not going to do anything that would put Azusa in jeopardy.
 The two of you probably haven’t seen each other since everything that happened, have you? It’s written all over your face.
 You can’t bring yourself to face Sensei after being so harsh. Aw, even you can be a bashful young lady, Nagi. Hahaha.
 Not that I don’t know what it feels like.
 Sensei has come to visit a lot. It was hard having to decline each time.
 Well, I’m stuck here either way. I guess Sensei could use Schale’s sway to force a meeting, but they would never do that—which somehow makes it even more annoying.
 They never quite do what you want them to. I tried leaking all that misinformation, and it still didn’t faze Sensei.
 Things would have been so much simpler if Sensei had just believed one of us and did as they were told.
 Or had they simply leaked everything I said, I wouldn’t be in this predicament.
 Well, either way. Don’t you think everything turned out for the best?
 The real traitor is imprisoned, Arius is hardly a threat…
 …and now the Eden Treaty can be signed as planned. You can finally find the peace you’ve been longing for, Nagi.
 Such a happy ending. Isn’t that nice?
 …
 …
 What is that supposed to mean?
 Slow down, Nagi.
 It isn’t that complicated. I hate Gehenna—so much that I was willing to kill a dear old friend. All right?
 Hahaha. What other reason could there be?
 This is why I always liked you, Nagi. You’re just so pure. Pure and naive.
 There’s nothing you’re missing. I tried to kill Seia and then you. That’s all there is to it.
 You know how extreme I can be when it comes to my likes and dislikes. I just can’t get along with those scum from Gehenna. I don’t want to link arms with them and pretend to be friends.
 Doesn’t it make your skin crawl just having to coexist in the same city with them?
 Obviously, What else was a murderer like me supposed to do?
 Even if Seia is alive, I was still the one who tried to kill her. That isn’t going to change.
 And you never even realized it, Nagi.
 How did you know me for so long without realizing the truth?
 You should know the answer to that better than I do.
 Because we’re strangers at the end of the day. We’ve put up so many walls between us that there’s no way we could ever truly know one another.
 Take care, Nagi. Sorry I can’t walk you home.
 *A sound of a gate plays*
 …
 *Another sound of a gate plays*
 I sure do have a lot of visitors today. So you’re next, huh, Hanako?
 That makes sense. Since you didn’t enter with Nagi, then are you here on the Sisterhood’s behalf? Following their orders now?
 Not that it matters to me either way. Anyway, what were you talking about just now? I wasn’t lying.
 Wow, how daring to admit that right in front of the person in question. A little tasteless too.
 …
 Hooold on just a second.
 Don’t you know it’s rude to psychologically analyze someone straight to their face?
 I was the one who gave the order to kill Seia, and I was the one who stabbed my childhood friend, Nagi, in the back. Despair? Impulsive? What are you talking about? Are you an idiot?
 Destroying her halo wasn’t part of the plan, though. Give me a little credit—I’m not a murderer.
 It’s all because of that little mishap that things have gotten out of hand like this.
 Get it? I can’t turn back now because of that—because of you.
 *Flashback ends*
 That is one regret I had. I really goofed that one up.
 …
 So hand her over. I promise not to kill her. She may have to spend the rest of her school life in confinement, but it won’t be so bad.
 *Flashback ends*
 …
 Enough.
 What are you trying to say?
 Are you taking pity on me? Will you claim I never meant a single word I said or that I didn’t intend for any of those terrible things to happen? That I was just a confused, stupid little girl who made a bad choice or two?
 Hahaha!
 You’re so funny, Hanako. Absolutely hilarious.
 It really isn’t that complicated. I’m just a traitor—a murderer who sold out her friends and allies to hold on to a grudge in her twisted, treacherous heart.
 I’m not trying to hide that fact anymore. I deserve to be hated after everything I did.
 Even if I did have some other underlying motives, how would you ever know for sure?
 The truth as you know it can only be what you see. So denying what’s right in front of you makes you blind. Isn’t that right, Hanako?
 Why desperately cling to something you can’t possibly prove? Hmm?
 Say, how is Seia doing right now? You two were close, weren’t you?
 Are you sure she’s safe? Was the real lie that she was dead all along? If that’s not the case, then why can’t I see her?
 You wouldn’t just torment me with lies like that, would you? That’s so malicious. Maybe you’re the one we need to be suspicious of.
 Do whatever fancies you. It doesn’t really concern me.
 …
 …
 …
 …
 *Scene fades to black*
 I may be despicable, but you’re downright cruel, Hanako.
 *Scene changes to a room with Sensei and Hanako in it*
 Nagi.
 …
 I tried to warn you, Nagi.
 There was no other way for things to go.
 This is the kind of world we live in.
 It is what is, just as Seia said.
 …
 Fade to Black, Fade to Ruins.
 …
 Hmm?
 Fade to Azusa.
 Then Seia.
 I see.
 Now I understand what must be going on. Are you all fans of mine or something? Have you come for my autograph?
 Emergency, I know! You’re gonna declare war on Gehenna, aren’t you?! Hahaha! That’s too funny.
 Hah.
 You’re right--I DO hate Gehenna! I’m so flattered that you remembered!
 What of it? Is that why you’re all acting like a bunch of crazed fanatics?
 It’s kind of pathetic! Barging in here, appealing to my hatred, pleading with me to do your dirty work! Can’t you see how funny it is?!
 Am I? Sorry if you’re the one who’s offended.
 So what? It’s wrong to force someone to do something they don’t feel like doing, ya know.
 It’s just like my hatred for Gehenna. It’s… just because! There’s no greater meaning or purpose behind it.
 So stop wasting your breath and mosey along. I’m not in the mood to deal with this.
 Find someone else who will let you use their hate on your behalf.
 Did I stutter? I’m telling you it’s stuüid to need someone else to order you to carry out your own hate.
 Hmph.
 Ouch. Picking on the unarmed is a little unfair, don’t you think?
 Gunfire.
 O-Okay, that one hurt…
 …
 …!
 Fade to black
 … [Some very shocked ellipses I may add]
 …
 It’s really you…
 Um… Yeah.
 So, uh…long time no see?
 Oh, that? Well…
 I wonder. I suppose it was the perfect opportunity to rid myself of Gehenna once and for all…
 …but I don’t really have an answer. I don’t know why.
 Even I don’t really get it.
 Wait a second…
 Am I…?
 Fade to black, Seia’s weird dreamspace
 Huh? My intentions…
 That’s not what I was thinking at all. They used to be one of Trinity’s factions, right? Sure, it was a long time ago…
 …but what if we went to their district and told them we want to be friends? Then we could invite them over for tea and it would be like the good old days!
 What’s with the awkward silence? Is there something on my face?
 I think it’s a pretty good plan! That’s what I would do if I were the host!
 I hadn’t really thought about it, but that could be fun!
 Maybe we could finally wipe out Gehenna. Isn’t that what everyone wants?
 What’s wrong Seia? Why are you looking at me like that?
 Flashback end, back to Seia.
 Here. Seia’s just through here.
 Now I’ll be in line to become host once she takes her little extended vacation to the hospital.
 This is going to be so much fun!
 Hmm? Squad?
 (Seia’s…dead?)
 (But how…? Why?)
 (How could this have happened? This isn’t how things were supposed to go.)
 (Is this a joke? I just wanted to…)
 (Wait. Why did I do that?)
 (Why did I order an attack on Seia?)
 (Why did I want her out of the way?)
 (...)
 (Oh, right. I wanted to be the host.)
 (Of course. Because I hate Gehenna so much, and Nagi is trying to force that treaty down our throats.)
 (Why would she do something like that? It’s so stupid! A peace treaty with Gehenna? As if that’ll ever happen. I won’t let it.)
 (Seia said she could see the future. So why didn’t she see that one coming, huh? Why didn’t she protect herself?)
 (She was too weak to be in the Tea Party to begin with.. And the way she would look at me sometimes…)
 (So, I mean, when you think about it…)
 (...this was inevitable. This was the sacrifice that had to happen to get rid of Gehenna)
 (Yea. That must have been it.)
 Back to present
 I-I just…
 …
 I’m sorry, Seia. I didn’t mean to…
 I never meant for things to turn out like this.
 I’m sorry… I’m sorry!
 I’m sorry for being such an idiot…
 Sensei… I want to see Seia…
 I want to see Nagi again…
 If only I could…
 Background fades to black, leaving a crying Mika.
 Hey, Nagi! I heard you’ve been out like a light ever since that missile hit!
 A lot’s happened while you were napping, you know? Don’t you think you should be setting a better example as the host?
 I know I tell you that you work too hard and you should take it easy, but I didn’t think you’d take it THAT easy! It’s about time you woke up, sleeping beauty.
 Anyway, now that you’re up, could I ask you for a favor? Get out of bed and get back out there. There’s a lot that needs doing.
 Firstly, the confinement room only gets basic network TV! Can you believe that? Hook me up with cable so I can watch all my favorite shows 24/7!
 Oh, and I’m also out of my favorite moisturizer.. It’s only carried in a few places, so could you be a dear and go buy some for me? I’ll send you the directions later!
 OH! And my hair dryer barely does the job anymore. Can you get me a new one? Top of the line, please!
 Just get me the same one you use! You know, that REALLY expensive one!
 Oh, and, and…!
 Back to the present.
 What’s up, Nagi? Why the long face? Everything worked out in the end.
 Whoa! Where did you come from?!
 Oh, Seia. You make it sound so daunting! Those big philosophical speeches are why you don’t have more friends, you know?
 That she is, and I would like you to protect her.
 I guess getting straight to the point doesn't make sense without all of the details. Nagi's bad habits might be rubbing off on me.
 How about I explain it from the beginning?
 I'm not as good at this kind of thing as Nagi or Seia are…
 ...but I'll give it my best shot!
 First is what defines Trinity General Academy. As I'm sure Nagi told you, our academy's history is built on several factions coming together.
 As the name would suggest, there are three such factions that comprise its center: Pater, Filius, and Sanctus.
 However, there were many other smaller factions, such as the Remedial Knights and the Sisterhood.
 Back then, those factions were just as hostile toward one another as Trinity and Gehenna are today.
 Conflict was a daily occurrence—growing worse by the day.
 Until finally they all came together and created a peace treaty.
 And so the First Council was held, where it was agreed to end the bloodshed and unite as one academy.
 It does, doesn't it?
 Trinity General School as we know it was born from that First Council.
 There are still traces of those factions even today, but most people would never know it. Over time, history tends to become rather faded.
 However, there was one academy that chose not to participate in the council.
 The Arius faction.
 I say "faction," but it's been an organized academy much like our own for a long time.
 The two sides had much in common, but were driven apart due to differences in how to interpret the ancient scriptures.
 Their academy also held chapel classes, kept a strict conservative uniform, and had a strong contempt for Gehenna.
 But Arius vehemently opposed the union...and that feud ultimately led to conflict.
 Trinity suppressed Arius following the unification. It simply couldn't withstand the combined might of the new academy.
 Such stories are commonplace in history. Those who hold great power tend to want to test it, and Arius made for a suitable target.
 Arius Academy fell to ruin.
 It was banished from the Trinity district, but rumors say its doors remain open, hiding somewhere in the underbelly of Kivotos.
 They've kept the location of their district a secret to avoid Trinity's watchful eye. Even the General Student Council doesn't know where Arius operates from currently.
 It wouldn't surprise me if those that know the story thought of it as nothing but an urban legend. How could such an academy truly exist? Then again, I think most of our students are completely unaware of the tale.
 That's the Arius Academy of today. A shadow forgotten to history.
 Correct.
 You said the story sounded familiar. As you suspect, the Eden Treaty that Nagi is proposing now is an homage to the First Council.
 This is a chance for two great academies to reconcile and come together in peace.
 If it sounds too good to be true, that's because it is. The real objective is to found the Eden Treaty Organization, or ETO.
 The Eden Treaty is anything but a peace signing—it's the start of a formal military alliance.
 Mika steps forward
 Its true purpose is to create a single armed organization using the combined forces of Trinity and Gehenna.
 Fade to black
 Enter Nagisa
 These are uncertain times we're living in—the General Student Council president is still missing. Now, from the shadows, rises a new overwhelming power.
 And what does Nagi intend to do with it, I wonder.
 Perhaps attack what remains of the General Student Council and assume control of Kivotos?
 Or does she plan to uproot Millennium and stop its sudden emergence as Kivotos' rising new academy?
 I can't say what her goal is for certain, but there is one thing I know.
 Power that immense can be used to silence any and all dissenters.
 Just as Trinity did to Arius long ago.
 Or just like Seia…
 !!!
 Uh, sorry. Pretend you didn't hear that.
 …
 She's...ill. Just as I told you.
 Hmm.
 Do you really want to know?
 Telling you would mean crossing a line I could never walk back from.
 So if you betrayed me, I truly would be completely abandoned.
 Do you still want to know?
 Yes, but I'm sure it will be fine. You said you're on my side, didn't you?
 If someone who said that went on to betray me, then...maybe I wouldn't mind so much. Heeehee.
 The truth is that Seia isn't fighting illness.
 Mika walks closer
 Her halo was destroyed.
 …
 Fade to black
 I know. It's too horrible to be true, but it is.
 And it's been covered up since last year. Seia was attacked by an unknown assailant.
 Her illness is nothing but a facade—Seia's dead.
 And no one knows but the Tea Party.
 Well, it's possible the Sisterhood may be aware... Their intelligence-gathering has always been remarkable.
 Regardless, it's a secret that must be kept hidden.
 Mika (Tea Party):  confidential information, so I'm sure that only makes it harder to narrow down the suspects.
 So there you have it.
 Personally, I have my own list of suspects, but it wouldn't be wise to share it without knowing for sure.
 Let's get back to talking about Shirasu Azusa.
 I was the one who arranged to have her transferred to Trinity.
 Uh-huh. I kept it a secret from Nagi. I registered Azusa as a student returning from break after falsifying her documents.
 You're probably wondering why.
 Arius still hates us, after all.
 While our students take the privileged environment around them for granted, their students scrape by under impoverished conditions, not knowing what it truly means to receive an education.
 They stubbornly cling to a grudge from years past and reject the help of anyone, including the General Student Council.
 We would reconcile with Arius if it were up to me.
 But the hatred for each other is too great, and the misunderstandings too many. It's not a relationship I could ever hope to reconcile on my own.
 Nagi and Seia objected to my opinions for political reasons, butI never held it against them. That's the essence of what the Tea Party does.
 I'm not the best when it comes to politics, actually... I wish we could all simply get along.
 If only we could reconcile our misunderstandings over tea like in the past.
 …
 What I really want is for Azusa to become a symbol of peace.
 I don't know her very well, but she was supposedly an outstanding student at Arius, and I want to foster her potential.
 Maybe I should have been more honest and tried to convince Nagi through the proper channels...but I had my doubts it was possible.
 I don't think she ever would have agreed to it.
 Reconciling with Arius will become impossible if the Eden Treaty is signed. I wanted to make amends before that happened at any cost.
 I want to show through Azusa that an Arius student can be happy and accepted at Trinity.
 But now Nagi has introduced the rumor of there being a traitor attending Trinity.
 I don't know how she came to that conclusion. Maybe it's all my fault.
 She became so paranoid that someone was interfering with her plans that she decided to form the Make-Up Work Club.
 Speaking of which, have you figured out why each student was forced to join?
 It's because Nagi suspects every one of them.
 Enter Hanako
 Hanako is a little eccentric, but she was an outstanding student with excellent grades. She was even a candidate to join the Tea Party once.
 The Sisterhood tried to recruit her as well, but that didn't work out.
 Hanako in a swimsuit smiling at Hinata
 She attended a chapel class in nothing but a swimsuit and was dragged out by the Sisters. You should have seen the shock on people's faces. Hahaha.
 Enter silhouette of Hanako
 Hanako had so much potential in her first year, but then she began scoring the lowest grades in her class at the start of her second year.
 Why? Was she doing it on purpose?
 She had already made inroads around Trinity and was aware of several academy secrets before her scores began tanking.
 It drew Nagi's suspicion.
 Fade to black
 Enter Koharu
 As for Koharu... She's a nice girl that really has nothing to do with politics.
 Enter Hasumi
 Her enrollment into the Make-Up Work Club has to do with Hasumi.
 Nagi doesn't like there being such a powerful club with someone so influential outside of her direct control.
 So Koharu is her insurance policy.
 It wouldn't have mattered who it was from theJustice Task Force. Koharu just happened to have the lowest grades, so she was selected.
 She's a hostage, in other words, and I bet Hasumi is aware of it. One wrong move could lead to expulsion.
 But what? Are you surprised to hear that Hasumi would be considered a dangerous element?
 There's one particular incident that may pique your interest, then.
 [Justice Task Force Club Room]
 Punching and shattering
 Hasumi is the vice president of theJustice Task Force—Trinity's main armed force—and holds Gehenna in contempt.
 She would obviously oppose the Eden Treaty because it would require an alliance with her greatest enemies.
 And finally, there's Hifumi.
 Fade to black
 Enter Hifumi
 She's just a sweet, cute, lovable girl, right? Even Nagi adores her.
 But that's also what landed her right in Nagi's crosshairs.
 Hifumi was caught sneaking out of the district and visiting suspicious places, such as the prohibited underground Black Market.
 There's even intel that connects her to a masked criminal group. Can you believe that? She seemed like such an innocent girl.
 How like Nagi to keep her friends close and her enemies closer. Very predictable.
 There you have it. The whole story of how Nagi's paranoia…
 ...led to a full-blown conspiracy that a traitor is out to ruin Trinity.
 Nagi's absolutely certain that there must be a traitor in their midst.
 I know that explanation was a little long-winded, but that is the whole truth.
 I did. Think of it this way: How would you define what it means to be a "traitor"?
 Nagi is under the assumption that someone is trying to deceive her, and thereby Trinity's Tea Party. She suspects there to be a spy.
 In that sense, Azusa, the one whose background is a complete fabrication, is the closest to fitting that description.
 Unlike the others, she truly is a transfer from one of Trinity's enemies: Arius.
 She's now at the eye of a complex political storm and has no idea that it's all my fault.
 That's why I'm fighting to prevent her expulsion.
 Or at least, that's what I'm attempting to do by pleading my case to you. I want you to prevent her from being expelled. That's something a sensei can do, right?
 In other words, you could argue that I'm the real traitor. I'm the one who's opposing Nagi's Eden Treaty.
 But since I'm the host, I don't have any real power and have no means to prevent it.
 …
 Then again, maybe that's not the truth either.
 You could just as easily argue that if anyone is betraying Trinity…
 Fade to black
 Enter Nagisa
 ...it would be Nagi.
 She's attempting to transform Trinity and all the values, harmony, and unity it's enjoyed into something else. She wants to awaken a Leviathan.
 That's my take on things. Whether you believe or agree with anything I've said is completely up to you.
 Everything is in your hands now. Whether you'll protect Azusa or weed out the traitor... Whether you'll believe Nagi or myself…
 Pretty much. I'm responsible for Azusa enrolling at our academy, but this is as much as I can do to help her.
 Don't tell me you're worried about me, Sensei.
 Hahaha. How very sweet of you. I may fall for you after all.
 You don't need to worry about me. I'm much stronger than I appear.
 Well then, I should be going. I really enjoyed talking with you today.
 People might start spreading salacious rumors if we spend too much time alone together...not that I would mind. Heehee.
 Until we meet again, Sensei.
 Fade to black
 <I went back to the classroom everyone was studying in after saying goodbye to Mika.>
 <<To be Continued>>
 02 - The Sisterhood
 Mari makes her way to the Make-Up Work Club to offer thanks on behalf 01; the student that Azusa recently saved. Later, Sensei is waiting to discuss the future with Hifumi when Hanako arrives and the situation takes an unexpected turn.
 You've been surrounded by the armed force that will replace them as Trinity's official army.
 It's good to see you again, Sensei.
 As I was saying, theJustice Task Force won't be moving from their post. My orders.
 You noticed, didn't you? Just how empty campus was this morning?
 I've removed every obstacle in my way and given stand down orders to anyone and everyone under the Tea Party's command.
 I wouldn't want anyone to interfere with our assault on Nagi.
 That's me. And here I am, making my grand appearance as the mastermind behind everything. ☆
 Black screen
 You can consider me to be Trinity's true traitor.
 Won't you tell me where you've hid Nagi? I don't have much time.
 Or we can always eliminate all of you and search this place top to bottom the hard way.
 Hmm? You want to know why I'm doing this, Sensei?
 Because I hate Gehenna.
 I sincerely loathe Gehenna Academy from the depths of my heart.
 Uh...who are you again? Sorry, I've always been awful at remembering faces.
 Wait, I remember now. You're Urawa Hanako, right? The one who was kicked out of chapel for attending in a swimsuit. Hahaha!
 Well, to answer your question: That's correct. I mean, Nagi's Eden Treaty idea was completely ridiculous. Ludicrous.
 A peace treaty with those wretches? Just the thought of coexisting with them makes my skin crawl.
 And how long would that last? How many years—weeks—no, DAYS until we end up with a knife in our back?
 I simply can't allow something like that to happen.
 For being such a paranoid girl, Nagi really is too naive. This isn't a fairy tale. There's no happily ever after waiting beyond her treaty.
 It's about time she came to grips with the reality around us.
 So hand her over. I promise not to kill her. She may have to spend the rest of her school life in confinement, but it won't be so bad.
 Oh, that. Yes, I'm sorry for deceiving you, Sensei. The little conversation we had wasn't entirely truthful.
 Someone as ignorant and naive as Nagi would never think to use the Eden Treaty to create a military alliance under her control.
 But not everything was a lie, Sensei.
 I was telling the truth about reconciling with Arius.
 Arius troops appear behind
 See? They make rather loyal comrades for someone wanting to wage war against Gehenna.
 As I told you, Arius was once one of us: an academy that would have otherwise joined the Trinity union. Of course they hate Gehenna—they always have. Theirs is an academy held together by animosity.
 That's why I extended an olive branch to them. I offered them the opportunity to stop a villain aiming to welcome Gehenna with open arms.
 I said that if the current host, Kirifuji Nagisa, has theJustice Task Force by her side now, then the next host, Misono Mika, will have Arius beside hers.
 What an offer, don'tcha think? Talk about making peace.
 The enemy of my enemy is my friend, as the saying goes. That's why I have been secretly supporting Arius.
 I suppose you could refer to it as that. Nagi will be overthrown and I will become the host of the Tea Party, yes.
 You have my gratitude, Azusa. We may as well be strangers, yet you're oh-so special to me. I owe you such a great debt…
 ...for taking the fall as the assailant who attacked Nagi.
 You'll be the scapegoat. We need someone to take responsibility, because otherwise, how will the public rest until the perpetrator is brought to justice?
 I know it's a little unimaginative, but that can't really be helped. This is just the way the world works sometimes.
 You really did surprise me, though. I thought all of my planning was going to be thwarted when Ifirst heard Nagi had been attacked. You forced my hand, and I had to come handle this personally.
 I wasn't expecting such a bold move from the Make-Up Work Club. Well done.
 That's right.
 Oh, but don't be mistaken, Sensei. This isn't about seizing power for the sake of being powerful.
 I simply want to erase Gehenna from Kivotos. That's all.
 I'm going to purge Trinity of all the moderates and idealists that agreed with Nagi and fill their seats with leaders from Arius.
 This may very well be the start of a new alliance. We could even hold a new council to commemorate it. That wouldn't be such a bad idea, would it?
 And then! The newly remade Trinity will declare all-out war on Gehenna! That's the plan!
 Black screen
 H-Hey, don't scare me like that.
 I've never heard you raise your voice like that. I guess you weren't a fan of my explanation, huh?
 Arius troops march forward
 That's fine. We can talk it over more once I've taken care of the matter at hand.
 Thanks for noticing! See, didn't I tell you last time, Sensei? I'm a lot tougher than I look.
 All righty. Let's dispose of the Make-Up Work Club, then.
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 Mika marvels at Sensei's refusal to surrender during the ensuing battle. She brings up how Azusa ambushed Seia in the past while preparing to crack down on the Make-Up Work Club,just in time for the Sisterhood to join the fray.
 Geez. Now I get why all anyone ever talks about is Schale these days. Adults can be so meddlesome.
 What an unexpected turn of events, but that's all right.
 With Seia and Nagi out of the way, I can finally start doing things how I want. I would really appreciate you not interfering further.
 More reinforcements will be here soon! Do you want to keep going?
 Huh?
 You don't have to look at me with such disdain, you know.
 Buuut...you're right: Iwas the one who orchestrated Seia's attack. What other choice did I have? Seia would prattle on every day about nonsense like paradise and whatnot.
 Destroying her halo wasn't part of the plan, though. Give me a little credit—I'm not a murderer.
 I was just going to keep her under lock and key until she graduated, but the raid team, rascals they were, let things get out of hand and went a little too far.
 Isn't that right, Azusa? You were part of the raid team that killed Seia, weren't you? Care to clear up this misunderstanding?
 It's all because of that little mishap that things have gotten out of hand like this.
 Get it? I can't turn back now because of that—because of you.
 !
 Huh?
 That's impossible. There shouldn't be any students left on campus who would dare oppose the Tea Party's orders.
 The Sisterhood...?
 Urawa Hanako!
 A pact?
 You must be Utazumi Sakurako of the Sisterhood.
 Hahaha! This is my first time fighting the Sisterhood! So is this the trump card you've had up your sleeve?
 Just how did you manage to get them involved, Hanako?
 I knew you were acquainted with them at one point, just as you were with everyone. What did you offer in return, I wonder. These interlopers wouldn't lift a finger unless they stood to gain something from it.
 How intriguing, though I do find it annoying to have more pests to exterminate.
 I planned to clean out the cathedral when I became host anyway. This just saves me some time.
 All right, everyone. Shall we get started?
 Gun cocks
 That may be true, but I can't simply surrender. Not after coming this far.
 Fade to black
 I'll stop at nothing.
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 Together, the Make-Up Work Club and the Sisterhood succeed in cornering Mika, who finally surrenders. Sensei lets Mika know that they'll be there for her if she ever needs someone on her—side. Mika is delighted to hear this and says farewell.
 *sigh* Is this truly Checkmate?
 Why? Why like this?
 The Sisterhood didn't flinch even after Seia's death, yet they decide to get involved now. What a cruel joke.
 Did I miss something? Overlook an important detail?
 Or was it because I underestimated you, Hanako?
 No. Urawa Hanako is exceptional, but ultimately harmless. There was no need to account for her more than I did.
 Could it have been because of Azusa's betrayal?
 No. She was only just a puppet. Whether she stayed loyal or not wouldn't have affected the outcome.
 Perhaps Hifumi? No, she's just a normal girl. And Koharu is a fool, so there was no need to account for her.
 Then why? Why did I lose to something like the Make-Up Work Club?
 Where did it all go wrong?
 Oh, I see. I overlooked the biggest variable of all.
 Involving Schale and Sensei was the cause of my downfall.
 It was only meant to be a precautionary measure. Nagi was making such a fuss about there being a traitor, and I thought it was a good solution... That's when my fate was sealed.
 What a foolish mistake.
 I suppose this is where it ends for me.
 As I told you, the intent was never to kill Seia. I may seem like a villain, but I'm not that evil.
 It was an accident. Seia was weak to start off with and…
 …?!
 Seia...isn't dead?
 Captain Mine?
 I see. So she's still alive…
 Black screen
 That's wonderful news.
 Gun drops
 I surrender. You win.
 Congratulations, Make-Up Work Club, Sensei... You've earned it.
 Now, do whatever you want with me.
 You understand what the consequences of these actions will be for you, don't you, Azusa?
 I hope you don't think Trinity will protect you.
 You'll be hunted down no matter where you run. Forever.
 There will never be another peaceful night's sleep.
 There's no escaping Saori. You already know it all too well as someone from Arius: et omnia vanitas…
 Very well, then.
 Mika being walked out by JTF members
 Stop right there, Sensei. Don't say another word.
 As I said, getting Schale involved was my greatest mistake.
 And yet…
 Flashback
 Hearing you say that made me truly happy. It really did.
 IfI had made different choices, then maybe we…
 No. Never mind.
 Goodbye, Sensei.
 Mika gets escorted out
 <<To be Continued>>
 19 - The Third Exam
 Having overcome numerous incidents and happenings, the Make-Up Work Club heads to the test site to sit for the third and final evaluation exam.
 Birds chirping
 Oh, Sensei. Shhh.
 Sorry to keep you waiting. I had to finish chapel. They broadcast it on TV, see?
 Don’t you think it’s so mean they still make me take classes while I’m in prison?
 I thought I’d at least get out of that.
 You really think so? I find it a bit boring. It’s just that same strange line on repeat: “have mercy on us.”
 Kyrie Eleison… Even the Greek sounds bad. Why plead to some guy up there I don’t even know exists?
 And it looks weak to ask for pity, you know.
 But the melody is nice, I’ll give you that! It’s just an ideological disagreement.
 Oh, you know! You’ve never heard me sing, huh Sensei? Do you want a performance?
 I don’t normally sing for free, but I’ll make an exception just for you!
 Like in the fairy tales where the trapped princess sings to her lover from a tall tower!
 And I come crashing back to a harsh reality.
 …So what brings you to my humble abode, Sensei?
 …
 How’s Nagi been? Is she holding up?
 The Sisterhood and Remedial Knights leaders showed up uninvited?
 I’m not surprised. A lack of authority is like a vacuum. As the Tea Party’s position diminishes, the lesser forces around it are sucked in.
 I’m sure she didn’t expect them to confront the Tea Party so directly like that.
 Poor Nagi. Has her stomach been hurting? It always hurts when she’s stressed.
 Ah… You did…
 Well, what’s a girl to do? I’ve never been one to care what others think of me anyway.
 Nagi thinks she can defend me if I just attend the hearing, but we both now how naive she is.
 The Eden Treaty incident did a number on the Tea Party’s authority.
 As the public opinion of it dwindles, so does its political power. Obviously, it’s my fault.
 And if she really insists on defending me in these conditions…
 …the Tea Party, along with Nagi and Seia’s positions will be at risk.
 They can’t shoulder that risk for me.
 I’ve already cost them too much.
 …
 Y-You think so?
 I did mess up more than a little bit this time. Even if I get expelled…
 …E-Even if they burned my precious mementos of me and Nagi’s childhood…
 …None of it erases what I did. And…Seia still hates me…
 No, you don’t understand. I tried to apologize a few times, but she…
 The last time I tried…
 //flashback scene//
 Hi Seia! Looking serious as usual! Did you stay up late again? You have to take better care of your skin. Here, you can use my lotion!
 S-Seia?
 So, um… Actually, I was wondering…
 Do you want to eat lunch together? I’m afraid the only thing on the menu in prison is cake rolls though.
 Nagi is seriously the meanest! Like seriously? Nothing but cake rolls?
 Y-Yes?
 O-Oh…? Right! Sorry! You’re probably really busy!
 …
 Seia’s completely isolated herself. She doesn’t come out, and no one goes in.
 She’s always been a bit weak, but she’s been really sick these days.
 And I keep hearing things… Like they can hear her crying in her room…
 I don’t always really get what Seia’s thinking or saying, but…
 I can tell she doesn’t want to make up.
 Oh, Sensei. Thanks for trying to make me feel better. I’ve accepted my consequences…
 I just wish I could give her a real apology.
 But I don’t want to cause her any stress and affect her health…
 I don’t know how I’ll go on if anything else bad happens to Seia.
 S-Seriously?
 …!
 …
 What are you saying, Sensei?
 I don’t deserve your help or forgiveness.
 I really swore I’d never cry again. What’s wrong with you?
 Well…
 You win, Sensei.
 Since you insist, I’ll have to comply. Time to face the music.
 …
 I’ve never really believed in fate… I’d given up on a second chance a long time ago.
 Heehee. Maybe I really am a princess trapped in a tower?
 !!
 Y-You didn’t hear that, Sensei!
 Please Take care of Seia, then… Sensei.
 Fade to black
 Um… Hi, Seia…
 I-It’s me! I came as soon as you summoned!
 I heard you wanted to talk alone, and I was so nervous!
 I told my guard to wait outside the door. So, uh… What’s up?
 Oh no, are you okay, Seia? Your face is all pale, and are you shaking? I-I’ll call someone!
 What are you saying? Are you not feeling well, Seia?
 Seia… I…
 …I don’t know what you’re talking about.
 …
 I know. I’m so sorry I caused you all this…
 …?!
 You must be mistaken, Seia…
 …?!
 Oh no! Seia! Please wake up!
 Black screen
 Someone, Help! Come here! It’s Seia! Something’s wrong!
 You’ll be okay, Seia! Help is on the way!
 Seia… No… Please… Not again!
 All… All I wanted was to… Seia!
 Fade to black
 It’s…my fault?
 It’s all because of me…
 Seia got hurt…because I’m a stupid person. Because I’ve done unforgivable things.
 For a fleeting moment… I thought I could have a second chance…to make amends.
 Even if it was for the hearing, I wanted to see everyone… Nagisa, Seia, and Sensei…
 Why… Why is everything so messed up?
 …
 I was living a fool’s dream when I thought I could have a second chance.
 Truly a fool… Arius…the Arius Squad…and Joumae Saori lied to me…and I got taken advantage of…
 And, in the end, I hurt my precious people.
 …
 I see. I understand now…
 …
 I didn’t see it until now. Huh.
 …Joumae Saori of the Arius Squad.
 It’s all her fault, isn’t it?
 She lied to me and tried to kill Seia. She fired missiles at Nagisa and hurt Sensei.
 Everything, everything, everything…was her machinations.
 I understand it all perfectly, now. I know what I need to do.
 I have to hold Joumae Saori accountable for what she’s done.
 It’s only fair.
 I want her to feel all of my pain.
 I’ll take all that’s precious to her. Until she’s left with nothing.
 Mika smiles
 Pardon me. ★
 Now, where is that gun of mine?
 Oh, silly me. It’s right here! Heehee!
 Mika walks away
 Really? I was totally expecting it! Hahaha. Surprise!
 That’s my name! I guess you remember me huh? ☆ What’d you think of my entrance? I was going for cool, vengeful villainess.
 Haven’t you missed me, old friend? Why the long face? You look…
 …You look like you’re looking at a witch or something.
 <<To be Continued>>
 11 - Pursuers
 Mika attacks the Arius Squad, and they’re quickly defeated. But Sensei finally arrives at the scene and convinces Mika to let them go. The Arius Squad forges on to the catacombs, and Mika battles with the Arius members standing in her way.
 That’s my name! I guess you remember me huh? ☆ What’d you think of my entrance? I was going for cool, vengeful villainess.
 Haven’t you missed me, old friend? Why the long face? You look…
 …You look like you’re looking at a witch or something.
 Heehee. I guess I did. I just wanted to see my gals!
 I mean, we do have a teensy bit of unfinished business to handle. Don’t we, Saori?
 Are you wondering how I knew you were here? I was paying attention you know. Watching your methodologies again and again. Did you dismiss me that easily?
 You sure thought I was stupid, huh? But I figured you out in a snap.
 I’m the one who started the coup, if you recall. I know all your key rendezvous points and meeting places. I totally forgive you for not knowing this, but I’m kind of a big deal.
 But of course you didn’t know. You thought I was a fool you could lie to. Manipulate. Take advantage of.
 Hello? Are you seriously ignoring me?! That’s like, so rude. Don’t you remember the good old days of conspiracy and betrayal?
 Black screen
 I’ll have to punish you bullies!
 Mika dashes towards Squad
 This is the infamous Arius Squad? This is it?
 Hahaha! Were you always this bad? A dummy would put up a better fight. Aww, is it because you have lots of boo-boos? Hahahaha! Hilarious!
 Huh? Where’s the girl who never talks? With the weird mask? It’s okay, I’ll hunt her down after I’m done here.
 What’s wrong Saori? I’m an open target! Shoot me! Did you run out of bullets?
 Black screen with Mika tightening her grip
 Oh, so now you guys are all buddy-buddy? I thought heartless Arius idiots only cared about their stupid missions.
 I’m not a fan of you having friends at all, but relationships ARE important. You know what? I used to have someone I cared about like that! Seia? You remember trying to kill her?
 *sigh* Don’t get me wrong, you have no idea how many times I’ve wanted to slap her right across the face. Seia really gets under my skin.
 But you know, if she gets hurts, I get so anxious it’s the only thing I can think about.
 So imagine when I heard Seia died! I went absolutely nutso crazy! Feelings can be so silly.
 Even if I hated her and wanted to make her suffer sometimes, she was precious to me… I didn’t want her to die… I didn’t wanna be a murderer…
 But none of that matters anymore.
 Mika shoots Misaki
 I told you to teach her a lesson, not destroy her halo! Didn’t I?
 Well, I guess you can’t say I’m completely faultless. I did kind of ruin everything.
 But you see. I realized something.
 Because of this…incident, I’ve lost everything.
 The academy…my friends…my home… my memories…my promise with Sensei…
 Go back to normal? Second chances? Hah! What a silly little fantasy I had. There’s no such thing as going back now.
 I want you to suffer, Squad. Saori. I’ll make you feel my pain.
 You’ll learn my loss. My suffering. My headache. It’s only fair.
 Mika draws her weapon
 S-S-Sensei…?!
 I-I…um…so…
 I don’t understand. Why?
 Sensei. Why are you with Squad?
 This wasn’t supposed to happen.
 I didn’t think Sensei would be here. I didn’t want you to witness this.
 Explosions accompanied with Arius students
 Owwie, owwie, owwwwww!
 Oh, reinforcements?
 I’m sorry, I think I misheard. Do you think you can force me out? With this few?
 Hahaha! Did you think you had the advantage because I’m alone? You really can’t fix stupid!
 Where did Squad go? Where are you buying them time?
 …Huh?
 No way? Betrayed and ran away?
 …
 …
 Hahahaha! This gets funnier and funnier! They betrayed their own school? How come?
 Ah, I see. Is this your big finale, Saori? I guess that’s what happens when a hunting dog loses its target. Huh.
 I’m beginning to understand.
 And Sensei… Hmm…
 Sensei, you’re taking a risk to help someone in crisis again.
 Oh, geez.
 Black screen
 I’m beginning to understand.
 Have you been listening at all? Squad is MINE. Don’t touch my things.
 Do you know what happens to people who go after things that don’t belong to them? I’ll teach you, as many times as you need.
 ?!
 You went to the Arius district…with Sensei…to save your friend?
 Look at that. Huh.
 Why is Sensei always on brand?
 …
 But…
 Still… Still…
 That won’t stop me from taking my revenge.
 They’re all going to hate me, won’t they? Maybe even Sensei…
 …But I can’t stop.
 Black screen
 I just won’t.
 I won’t forgive the Arius Squad for what they did to me. I don’t care what kind of monster I have to become to exact my revenge.
 …
 …So don’t get in my way, Sensei.
 Mika walks away
 A door opens
 *cough* *cough*
 Ugh… I’ve been cooped up eating cake rolls for too long. I’m already tired.
 At least I got to the Arius district. Step one, complete!
 !!
 I’m like a celebrity! Hi, great timing!
 Which way to the basilica please? You can just point me in the right direction.
 How rude of you! If you yell like that in the middle of the night, you might disturb someone’s beauty sleep!
 It hurts…
 Darn. I know it was gonna come to this.
 Mika fucking kills her too
 <<To be Continued>>
 14 - Meeting
 In a corridor of the Former Institute Sensei’s communications are intercepted by Beatrice. Beatrice tries to convince Sensei that her actions in the Arius District, along with Atsuko’s sacrifice, were all to create a better world for adults and asks them to join her. Sensei rejects Beatrice’s offer, and a battle between the Arius Squad and the Saint Justina Council ensues.
 …
 Long time no see, Saori.
 I spent a long time thinking really hard about how I could get through Sensei to beat down Squad to pieces. But I’m really coming up short.
 So, I just decided I’d figure it out as I go!
 …Which wasn’t my best idea.
 Sensei, you really are too strong.
 <<To be Continued>>
 15 - What Remains
 Sensei tries to stop Mika, but she doesn’t listen, so Sensei and the Arius Squad try to subdue her.
 Sorry, Sensei. I did try really hard to be good for a while.
 I get what you’re doing, Sensei. But I can’t be the student you want me to be.
 I’ve let you down so many times at this point, what’s one more?
 Oh? Are you all going to punish me?
 Really. The villains are always so misunderstood.
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 The Arius Squad manages to suppress Mika, but Mika quickly escapes again after expressing her anger at all of them. The squad heads back to the basilica.
 *cough* *cough*
 Owwie… Sensei, you really do get in my way sometimes.
 Sensei…
 I did it again… Didn’t I…?
 I keep betraying you… I’m just the worst student…taking advantage of your trust..
 Black screen
 But… I…
 I… I can’t…
 I have nowhere to go, Sensei. Not Trinity, not anywhere.
 I’m the witch of Trinity now. I hurt Seia over and over again…
 I don’t wanna get kicked out… I won’t get to play with Nagi…or Sensei… All the people I treasure will be out of my reach!
 And if I’m expelled… I won’t be Sensei’s student anymore. Sensei won’t care about me.
 I know there’s no happy future written in my fate…
 Because I’m a villain of everyone’s story! I’m…I’m a murderer.
 Black screen
 The only thing I have left to live for is my revenge!
 Squad! Why? Why are things like this?
 You stole everything from me! I lost everything I held dear!
 It’s all your fault!
 Why do you guys get to see your friends every day? Enjoy your lives?
 Meanwhile, I…
 I’ve become a speck of dust..
 There’s nothing left to live for…
 So, tell me!
 Black screen
 What am I supposed to do?
 …
 Back to scene
 I can’t let Saori get away with what she did…
 I can’t stand that Sensei is helping this shameless, lying backstabber.
 Sensei, I’m sorry. You can’t stop me.
 Mika leaves
 Well, Joumae Saori. I was hoping it would be you.
 <<To be Continued>>
 17 - Contest
 Mika and Saori face each other beyond the rubble, cut off from Sensei and the rest. Their long-fueled rivalry finally comes to a head. Watching this, Beatrice explains the mysterious power lurking outside of Kivotos to Seia. Meanwhile, Seia continues to search for a way out of her daydream.
 …Sorry, Sensei. I have to.
 You get the situation right, Saori? We’re on a bit of a tight schedule, so let’s hurry this up.
 I’d be more focused on the present, if I were you. You might be safe if Sensei gets over here…
 Who knows how long it’ll take for them to get through the rubble? I’m not completely evil though. If you can hold out until then, you win.
 As if that would happen.
 I don’t like that expression. Why do you seem happy? Have you finally lost it?
 …!
 Scene change
 I guess Sensei chose Atsuko, in the end.
 Aren’t you happy? Isn’t that what you wanted?
 What I wanted?
 What do I want again? Oh…to separate Squad from Sensei, but…
 ……
 I wasn’t particularly aiming for you, to clarify.
 I wouldn’t have really cared who it was.
 …
 Actually, it would’ve been nice if it was Sensei with me…
 That would be asking for too much, huh?
 Don’t give me that look. I know I can be a dummy.
 What did Seia always say? Oh yeah! That I’m impulsive and careless. What a meanie!
 Okay, fine. Maybe I lied a little bit.
 I wanted it to be you. The object of all my hate at my mercy.
 Sensei only rescues their students. Sensei will go to the ends of the world to secure their students’ happy ending.
 But villains? Villains who’ve betrayed and lied and hurt people don’t get anything good.
 So, Saori. Here we are at the end. Don’t you want to say anything?
 This is the climax! The scene where the witch executes the hound! Which I guess you’re probably not happy about, but you really don’t want to say anything?
 You can beg if you want! Scream and cry about how unfair this is, about how you don’t understand why I’m doing this.
 What was that? A grenade? No, a smoke bomb? Hm…
 Explosion
 Owiee… I-It hurts…
 Oh, I’m so sorry. ☆ I didn’t actually care. It doesn’t matter what weapons you have.
 Explosion
 Ugh…?!
 …Ugh.
 …How disgustingly amusing.
 So you chose guerrilla warfare? Considering this terrain, I guess that’s the best possible way.
 Also, did you really bring a thermo-pressure grenade to a gun fight? I hope you didn’t think that would be enough to take ME down.
 I can’t say I don’t like your pluck.
 But that doesn’t mean I’ll take it easy on you. Try your hardest, but…what is it you people always say? It’ll be in vain.
 Black screen
 Yeesh… How stubborn.
 Another explosion with gunfire
 …Azusa?
 You can’t move with those wounds, Saori.
 What, exactly, is fine?
 Azusa…
 You called out for Azusa. Why?
 Azusa of the Make-Up Work Club…a spy chosen to aide my coup.
 If it weren’t for Sensei, she would’ve remained what she was supposed to be: a mindless chess piece.
 What?
 …
 What are you saying?
 I mean, yeah. But I just made it up to trick Sensei…
 ……
 Hi there! Are you an Arius student? What’s your name?
 It’s such a nice day out! I love the feel of the sun on my skin.
 Woah, there. Not very into casual conversation, huh?
 Okay, okay. I’d like for Trinity and Arius to reconcile.
 I know. It’s super crazy, huh?
 I’m guessing you guys still hate us.
 And I’d also say that’s probably why you stay hidden in this isolated district, and refuse any outside help. All because of some feud from years and years ago.
 Don’t look at me like that. I know how much anger and hatred from that feud pours into the present day. No one’s gonna want to compromise.
 I mean, Nagi and Seia are still super against it. And I get it.
 But at the same time, I don’t really understand. Would it be so bad for us to try to be nice to each other? Little by little, we could chip away at that hatred.
 I really think it’s possible. That’s why I came out here to meet you guys. To try, little by little.
 I really don’t. So, how about this?
 What if you transfer an Arius student to Trinity without telling anyone?
 I could make it happen with a snap of my fingers. Being in the Tea Party has its benefits.
 If an Arius student can assimilate into Trinity, we can prove that we’re not so different.
 She’ll be like…a symbol of reconciliation! Aren’t I a genius?
 …
 I know, right? But if we pull it off, Seia and Nagi would finally listen!
 W-Wait! Does that mean you’re considering it? Do you have someone in mind?
 ……
 Seia’s just through there.
 You’ll send her on a little extended vacation to the hospital, and I’ll be next in line to become host!
 What fun! Aren’t you excited?
 <<End flashback>>
 …
 …Nagi’s planning something weird.
 A peace agreement with Gehenna? She’s gone totally crazy since Seia died.
 Considering the situation, we should revisit our plan.
 Plant a spy in Trinity, more carefully than last time.
 <<End of flashback>>
 ……
 ……
 I-I…
 I…can’t… I can’t do it…
 I can’t…because…
 I…
 …wanted that, too…
 I wanted to be happy!
 I’ve wondered that again and again too! What if I had met Sensei earlier? Sensei could’ve helped me fix my mistakes!
 I didn’t think it was fair! I messed up… I really did. But I lost everything dear to me. I prayed for some form of mercy.
 But...it never came. Not for me.
 And now it's too late. I don't think there's anything I could ever do to make up for the horrible things I've done.
 A second chance...?
 I wanted it so badly. And when Sensei came to my cell and told me all my friends would come to my hearing, I thought I could have it. But...even that slipped away.
 ...Everything is in vain, right? There was nothing left for me to do but to
 suffer...and to hate.
 Fade to black
 You and I...are twin flames, Saori.
 Inexplicably linked, cursed to never find happiness.
 We can't turn back time, and we can't change the future.
 Back to scene
 I think that's why I fixated on you. Revenge felt like the only thing I could control.
 You didn't turn me into a witch. I took the poison myself.
 Even when Sensei tried to give me the antidote, I spit it out.
 Like Seia always says, I really am hopeless.
 Saori gets up
 Why haven't you shattered my halo yet?
 I know you have the bomb. I've given you plenty of chances to use it.
 If you did...then at least I... I wouldn't have to…
 Hm?
 Confiscated it?
 Seriously? Confiscated a deadly weapon like it was some weird magazine or alcohol?
 ?
 Black screen
 ?!
 What are you doing here, Sensei?!
 <<To be Continued>>
 19 - Infinite Chances
 Sensei appears in front of Saori and Mika. Sensei apologizes to Mika, but Mika insists everything was her fault As Sensei encourages their students, Beatrice, becomes enraged and starts the ritual.
 I… Well…
 Sensei…?!
 I don't understand. What do you mean?
 Don't do that, Sensei... This is all my fault.
 …!
 I-I…
 What’s the point?
 I'll still be expelled...and even...Seia, thanks to me.
 …!
 Hahaha. Sensei, you're too much.
 You think I'm a good person? You believe I'm a good little student?
 Black screen
 I’m…a witch.
 You can't be that blind, Sensei. You can see the blood on my hands.
 …
 You…
 Can't you just leave me alone, Sensei? Stop torturing me.
 After everything I've done, why won't you give up on me?!
 Why would you come here and make me believe I have another chance?
 …?
 That’s…
 …
 …
 *pant* *pant*
 Justina soldiers surround Mika
 Black screen
 …
 ...I'll bait them away.
 !?
 Twin flames, remember? I get why you need to save Atsuko.
 I was...the same way, you know.
 So, go. Save her. I'm the only one strong enough to hold them off anyway.
 S-Sensei... I'm sorry for being your worst student.
 I'll never forget all that you did for me, all the chances you gave me.
 Are you gonna waste my valiant sacrifice? Take Sensei and go, Saori!
 …
 Don'tcha know, Sensei? I'm the Tea Party's brawn and muscle. I'll... I'll see you soon.
 Mika runs away guns blazin
 *pant* *pant*
 This...is the worst. Everything hurts.
 Mika staggers while the screen turns black
 But I'm not... I'm not done yet.
 Footsteps
 …
 Is this a schola cantorum?
 A pipe organ...sheet music... It must be.
 A gramophone, too. It's funny to think that Arius must have had chapel class, just like us.
 Mika tries to play the gramophone
 Silly me. Of course it's not working. It's like, a thousand years old at this point.
 …
 *sigh*
 Koharu, wasn't it so cool when Sensei showed up to save you?
 Yeah, Koharu looked like a princess from a fairy tale that day. I like that kind of story.
 A story where the main character shows up and rescues a despairing princess.
 Maybe it's a little childish, but I think it's beautiful.
 ...I wanted to be a princess, too.
 Hah. But I've never heard of a witch who transforms into a princess.
 It wouldn't be a fairy tale if the villain got the happy ending.
 ...I sure did turn into a villain, huh? I'm sorry, Saori. I really thought it was only fair for you to suffer like I did.
 But if I really think about…
 I'm sure you just wanted to be saved.
 You really are like me. You wanted to find happiness too.
 Saori, I know why you're obsessed with Atsuko…
 Even if you lied, cheated, and hurt everyone around you, it would all be okay if it meant saving your princess.
 You thought maybe you could absolve yourself, just a little bit. Am I right?
 I know because Seia and I both thought the same way.
 Distant shriek
 …
 That's why I'm rooting for you, Squad.
 I'll pray for your salvation.
 Just as I desperately wish for my suffering to subside…
 I hope yours does as well.
 Just as I wish and pray and beg for a second chance.
 I hope you get infinite chances.
 I long to be forgiven…
 ...so I forgive you.
 I like that ending better than anything "fair."
 Justina troops marching
 Even if you save Atsuko, your future will be filled with suffering.
 You'll be chased for the rest your life, wandering through dirty back alleys, living a cold, hungry, miserable life.
 But if despite that…
 If despite all that you truly believe you can find happiness in your future…
 Save Atsuko. Save yourselves.
 It's too late for me...but I weirdly believe you guys can do it.
 Sensei will be by your side, whenever you need them.
 Yeah... Sensei will help you through it.
 Fade to black
 I really do hope you find the answers to your questions.
 Back to scene
 The gramophone makes a noise
 Huh?
 Kyrie Eleison plays
 The gramophone? How did it start working...?
 Mika listens to the tune for a moment
 Ah... A song of mercy.
 I never did like this song very much.
 Well, enough of my monologue.
 Justina troops marching
 Where are you going in such a hurry, huh? Do you have a class reunion or something?
 I can't let you pass, unfortunately. Past here, the characters of a fairy tale are fighting for their salvation.
 Villains like us aren't allowed to enter.
 Okay, Sensei. Save those kids.
 I'll guard this place, one way or another.
 –Kyrie Eleison
 –Kyrie Eleison
 <<To be Continued>>
 24 - Kyrie for the Students Part 2
 Beatrice is taken aback by Kyrie Eleison resonating in the basilica sanctuary. When Barbara and her troops don‘t show up because of the song, Beatrice becomes very angry and tries to sacrifice Saori.
 *cough* *cough*
 Back to scene
 Ugh. I'm so not cute right now.
 It hurts a lot, but at leastI made it to sunrise.
 Atsuko was saved successfully by now, right?
 With Sensei by their side, Saori and the rest must have had their happy ending.
 Screech
 That's...good... What a relief…
 Justina approaching
 Yeesh, I guess this is it for me. I'm sorry, Sensei.
 I really would've gone back with you, ifI had the chance.
 Barbara screeches
 Footsteps
 S-S-Sensei...?!
 It's really you. What are you doing here?!
 …!
 B-But...I'm the villain here…
 I don't deserve your mercy…
 Did you think this through? How are you going to fight the Council?
 I-I'm the strongest, and I couldn't do anything. It's honestly unfair, how strong they are.
 You have to run, Sensei. I won't let you get hurt for me.
 Wow…
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 Just as the Arius students are in a panic because they can't get in touch with Beatrice, Trinity forces suddenly pour out from the catacombs.
 What is theJustice Task Force doing here?
 Nagi?! How are you here? Am I dead?
 But...how?! How did you get through the catacombs?
 Black screen
 S…
 Seia…
 And you're always such a meanie! But wh-what happened? Are you okay?
 Everyone…
 You really are such a narcissist! You make everything sound so self-important and complicated!
 ?
 I've always wanted to say that out loud to you!
 But you know what? I like you a whole lot, Seia.
 And Nagi! Are you kidding me? She brought tea all the way to the Arius District?
 ?
 Is she a tea addict? Does she have a serious problem?
 ButI like Nagi more than anything, tea and all.
 You guys are my favorite.
 Thank you for coming for me. And I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.
 It's okay, Seia. You didn't do anything wrong.
 It's all my fault. I'm just so sorry.
 You do? For me?
 This…
 My accessories?! How do you have these? I thought they were burned with everything else!
 Koharu…?
 ...Yes, I do.
 Tell her I say thank you. I can't believe she did this, even though I always bullied her.
 W-Wait. You want me to go to my hearing looking like this?
 Can I take a shower first? I want treatment for my wounds and to get my hair done. With a fancy curler!
 …
 …
