 Good to see you two again.
 I’m sorry for leaving you all so suddenly.
 Mine (Remedial Knights): Now, now, You don’t have to cry. I’m back now.
 The scene then goes to the Tea Party.
 …Nice to meet you. I’m Mine, captain of the Remedial Knights.
 I am not here to antagonize Nagisa.
 The Knights stand up for our convictions and beliefs. If I see a wrong, I set it right. That is all.
 Regardless of who the culprit may be.
 …
 As the leader of the Remedial Knights, the oldest club in Trinity’s history, I’m only fulfilling my duty.
 And I have no interest in politics.
 She is correct.
 You seemed confused. You see, we could not simply leave this to the Tea Party.
 The Party’s state is fragile right now.
 It is absolutely unprecedented for an active member of the Tea Party to be arrested. And even more so for one to attack another.
 Imagine my shock when I discovered Mika was behind the attack on Seia.
 As you well know, Seia has been under my protection since. I thought it only right to investigate the case myself.
 Arguing that Mika was taken advantage of by Arius does not absolve her of her crimes.
 And, on top of that, the current host manipulated Schale’s extrajudicial authority to meet her own ends and expel students she disfavored.
 I understand you apologized and no harm was done, but…
 It casts a dark shadow on the Tea Party.
 It was a blessing Seia awoke at all. But since, her health has steadily declined and now she is bedridden.
 And so, it was my conclusion the Tea Party required our assistance.
 Let’s not waste time reminiscing, Sakurako.
 Arius has long held a grudge against Trinity and Gehenna. They saw the opportunity to suppress both academies at once and took it.
 Yes, a force comprised of what seemed to be ghosts of the Saint Justina Council. Had they not been stopped when they had, both Trinity and Gehenna would have crumbled.
 What do you know of those things?
 Fine. The Council is the Sisterhood’s predecessor. Are you holding something back, Sakurako?
 I cannot ignore that the Sisterhood is held together by secrets. You are long practiced in manipulating and hiding information.
 It’s only natural that many students at Trinity have lost faith in the Sisterhood.
 …
 I spoke of ignorance. My apologies.
 Moving on to the next order of business. Is the analysis finished on the missile that neutralized our defense system?
 That’s of no surprise. The Arius Satellite School is in possession of at least two powerful resources we know nothing about.
 …
 The underground ruins? It’s a massive network. We’d never be able to take control of them.
 Hm…
 More things we don’t understand…
 You interrogated her?!
 I’ll ask again. Did you force Shirasu Azusa to give you information?
 She is branded a traitor in the only home she’s ever known, for helping us. How dare you put her through more hardship?
 She was finally settling in here! And you re-open old wounds for your own benefit? It’s thoughtless and cruel.
 I highly doubt that! Did you coerce her? Threaten her with the Tea Party’s authority?
 You’ve confirmed this?
 …I see.
 I owe you an apology, Nagisa.
 I am of the same mind. I spoke without thinking, once again.
 The catacombs are huge mazes of unknown magnitude. Finding a moving entrance will be a problem.
 Do you have someone in mind?
 Fade to black
 Indeed. It was Saori who executed their strategy.
 …
 We have records of Mika contacting Arius students to coordinate supply deliveries.
 We can only assume she reached out to Arius to garner support for a coup.
 Mika’s reputation and conduct over the years have not been commendable.
 You know Mika hid behind the shield of the Tea Party to cover up her mistakes and avoid problems.
 The condemnation, protests, and public opinion against mika are the result of a long, built-up frustration towards her actions.
 I understand how you feel about Mika, Nagisa.
 To my understanding, your friendship with her spans all the way back to your childhood.
 I’m sorry if this is rude, but please be honest. Do you think Mika is still hiding something?
 Fade to black
 Fade back
 …
 We’ve touched a sensitive topic. Apologies.
 Yes, thank you for accepting my request to join this meeting.
 I do warn you, however. I’m very concerned about the outpouring of anger towards Mika.
 I’ll see if I can do anything to help her. Until next time.
 So, this is the Arius district.
 It's as Seia said. This place needed our aid, not repudiation.
 Forgive me. I allowed my personal memories and feelings to impede my duties, all this time.
 Serina, Hanae. Treat them.
 From here on out, your role is to quickly rescue and treat any enemies I injure.
 Stay close behind me!
 Remedial Knights! Remain diligent!
 Go forth with faith and honor in your heart! Medicine knows no borders!
 Charge! Liberate the Arius district and save Sense! and Mika!
 Raise your heads, Nagisa. Seia. You need not bow to us.
 I understand Mika's situation. But also, Seia, I'm relieved to see you recovered. What happened?
 ...Understood.
 I will not pry. For now.
