 Yes. All done.
 Yes. This is the way of the world.
 Launch request confirmed. Expected impact in T-minus five minutes.
 Roger.
 Team II has entered the cathedra. We’ll engage the Justice Task Force shortly. What about you, Leader?
 Confirming arrival at target destination. Justice Task Force remnants spotted. No--correction. It’s the core of their forces.
 Tsurugi and Hasumi sighted. Send in reinforcements. We’ll be engaging shortly.
 We’ve caught up with the targets. Confirming status of the Council’s Mimesises.
 So the treaty has been signed… and the deal with that doll was struck well. Atsuko…
 Cut to Atsuko with more Arius Students and Maestro
 That weapon sounds like…!
 Hiyori. You were unable to contain Hina?
 Radio Sounds
 The Gehenna head prefect… has fallen.
 Hmm.
 We lost them.
 I didn’t expect you to actually show yourself. You could have just run away.
 …
 About five minutes. Both academies’ reserve forces will have grasped the situation and arrived by then.
 Did you forget, Azusa? We’re entitled to represent Trinity.
 Consider this treaty the revival of the First Council--the time where all factions that would make up Trinity gathered. All except Arius.
 By reenacting that day, we still have authority.
 The Treaty reads, “When a dispute arises between Trinity and Gehenna, the dispute shall be handled through the Eden Treaty Organization…”
 All we did was add to that clause. It continues to say, “... and Arius Satellite School’s Squad shall act as said Eden Treaty Organization.”
 That was one of the Tea Party’s support unit’s artillery, Leader. They responded quicker than expected.
 More Explosion!
 We’re taking fire from 50 millimeter mortars in the other direction as well. Those must be Prefect Team grenadiers.
 They also responded quicker than expected, even with Hina indisposed.
 Cut to city scape.
 We can deal with her later, Leader. What are your orders?
 We’ve infiltrated Trinity’s inner grounds before during the attacks on Seia and Nagisa. This should be simple enough.
 As for Gehenna, they can be dealt with at a later time. They’re no threat without Hina. I have no objections, Leader.
 I suggest we wait here until that wooden doll secures the tactical weapon we were promised. We can deal with the tanks and reserve forces in the meantime.
 Boom
 A Failure made from the doctrine of antiquity? Do you mean that doll, Hime?
 You’re making this difficult. It’s a failure, but it still fits the roll of a tactical weapon nonetheless?
 Leader?
 Her?
 A trap?! But when did she…?!
 …!
 Damn it…
 …
 Hiyori was her first target. She wanted to deal with a potential sniper.
 Grenade! From above!
 Screen goes white as another explosion rings out.
 Chasing after her is exactly what she wants.
 Saori zooms away anyways.
 I tried to stop her… Hime, how’s Hiyori?
 I see.
 Then we’re in for a long battle if Azusa is determined.
 Gunfire.
 That sounds like the leader’s weapon. It must have started.
 Boom
 There’s no other choice. We should be going.
 Hold, Leader. We’re only going in circles.
 It would be easier to summon the Council to deal with this.
 Really? That’s rather inconvenient.
 Just as the commandments themselves are up to interpretation. It’s only natural that the position we’ve gained would have some disadvantages.
 I’ll try the opposite direction. Hime, you pick a different path too.
 Was that an earthquake? No, it couldn’t be…
 The entire floor…?
 *rumble* *rumble*!
 When could she have set this trap?! The entire floor is collapsing! Run!
 *boom*!
 *cough* *cough*...
 I can’t move…
 *cough*...
 Gunfire.
 Leader…
 We need more time.
 We have no choice but to return to the cathedral and renew the commandments.
 …
 …
 Aren’t they…
 The Make-Up Work Club appears
 …
 Unknown. There’s no intel on them.
 We shouldn’t let our guard down, Leader. They may seem harmless, but we can’t afford to underestimate anyone at this stage.
 The numbers aren’t in our favor, Leader.
 …gone. Almost on cue. That’s impossible.
 There’s no such thing! This is…something different.
 Could it be? A renewal of the commandments?
 Leader. We’re losing control of the Council.
 Leader…
 The Council can barely maintain its manifestation any longer. The presence of two ETOs are causing the commandments to lose their efficacy.
 We have no hope of victory without them. It’s over.
 That seals it. We’ve lost.
 Where should we go now?
 I could think of worse alternatives.
 Right. That’s the truth of this life.
 That's fine. Pain is proof that you are alive.
 "What happened to her?" You mean that one girl, Hime?
 What difference does it make? It was only a matter of time.
 We’re low on ammo and we’ve nearly eighty hours into this fight. Everyone is at their limit.
 And Leader is too badly injured. Every minute we dawdle is a risk to her life.
 That bomb can destroy halos. I agree with Hiyori.
 …Hime.
 Hime…
 …
 Yes, and the river flowing below is at least five meters deep.
 Back to scene
 Because the current is fast, if you lose consciousness upon hitting the water, you’ll be swept away in the blink of an eye.
 Leader, Hiyori…and even Sensei…
 Ah, I see. That’s the decision you made, Leader.
 I’m surprised you proposed it, and even more so that Sensei accepted.
 I’ll admit, I didn’t think this scenario was possible. I’d imagine neither of you did either.
 But did you hear, Sensei?
 I was offered a chance to return to Arius if I just killed you.
 Hiyori and Leader likely received the same offer.
 You trust your back to someone who wants to shoot it, Sensei?
 Not only that, but to someone who’s already shot you once?
 I see.
 Regardless, the situation doesn’t change.
 Misaki steps back
 This rescue mission is a lost cause.
 Infiltrate the Arius district, fight all their troops, and reach the basilica where Hime is being held?
 Not only is that impossible, she is in a position of technology I’m sure we couldn’t even dream of.
 Even with Sensei’s help, the three of us stand no chance.
 And if by some miracle we do rescue Atsuko, what then?
 It’s simply a stay of execution.
 Hime’s life has nothing but pain. Why do you insist on prolonging it for her?
 Vanitas Vanitatum… That’s the only truth we can understand.
 Don’t you agree, Leader?
 No? Do you have an answer, Sensei?
 …
 …
 …
 It was worth a shot.
 Misaki steps back forward
 So. You really intend on rescuing Hime.
 I’ve followed you blindly until now. If our fates are predetermined, it doesn’t matter what I choose.
 Lead the way, Saori.
 Leader, we only have ninety minutes left. If we don’t make it to the entrance by then, none of our planes will matter.
 …
 We have to go through the underground catacombs to get to the Arius district.
 There have so far been about 300 entrances discovered in the catacombs. But only some of them are real entrances.
 The insides of the catacombs shift periodically.
 More or less. Paths previously open will suddenly be blocked. It’s easy to lose your sense of direction.
 I don’t understand the mechanics behind the structure, but it’s essentially an ever-changing maze.
 It’ll change at midnight tonight, hence the 90 minutes.
 …They must have been thinking the same thing.
 …Troublesome.
 It makes sense that you were so difficult as an enemy, but helpful as an ally.
 If we continue at this rate, we have a chance of making it.
 …To Arius.
 We can enter the catacombs through here.
 Based on how the troops were able to find us, she already knows we’re using this passage.
 I know it was our only option, but we’re proceeding too predictably.
 It’s no surprise she found us so quickly.
 It’s our only idea.
 There was never any other option. And I think the unknown variable Sensei brings to the formula will make them tread carefully.
 …This is unexpected.
 About twenty-eight minutes. If we fight now, we both lose and don’t reach the entrance in time.
 We’ve been on the run for days. Everyone’s exhausted. Tactical advantages are what’s getting us through right now, not brute force.
 Sensei’s commands has gotten us through to this point.
 Misono Mika is the main muscle behind the Tea Party. A fight of raw strength is exactly what she wants.
 Our best option is to retreat and regroup.
 We could distract her until Sensei gets here.
 Ugh…
 Damn it…
 Back to scene
 ARGHHHH!
 *cough* Arius is on our tail, Sensei. We have to leave her.
 Barely made it. We need to put more distance between us. Let’s go.
 I was right. It’s not guarded.
 Once upon a time. It’s now just an old, abandoned area.
 The actual district is farther. We have to approach carefully. She’s waiting for us.
 It was a historical site, actually. But it was converted to a training ground after the civil war ended.
 Ten years ago, the Arius district was divided in two and war ensued. Any Arius student could tell you.
 Did that pique your interest, Sensei?
 It’s not as exciting as you think. And has nothing to do with our current mission.
 …
 We don’t have the luxury of reminiscing right now.
 …
 What’s the plan, Leader?
 We may have Sensei on our side, but we can’t fight the entire school. How should we proceed?
 …
 …Leader?
 Saori falls
 Tsk. She has a fever. She’s been toughing it out this whole time.
 I expect she’s been sick this whole time. She’s injured and has been on the run for four days straight. Her body is finally catching up.
 You’re well-prepared.
 What a relief.
 Here, Leader. This will help.
 Misaki gives the medicine
 …There’s no other choice.
 We’ll take shifts. You need rest too, Hiyori.
 I’ll go first. Sensei, you should rest as well.
 Sorry to wake you.
 Did you have a bad dream? We’re used to it, but it’s not easy to sleep in an environment like this.
 We can’t dawdle much longer. It’s still quiet, but we should leave in the next thirty minutes.
 Yes. Is something wrong?
 Why so much interest? We were Schale’s enemy. It’s not a pleasant story.
 …Fine, I guess. We have time anyways.
 My first memory is Madame declaring that the civil war was finally over.
 We were too young to understand. We didn’t know what a civil war or even who Madame was.
 She declared herself the new Student Council president, as well as owner and ruler of Arius. She wasted no time imparting her teachings on the Arius Academy.
 Fade to black
 All is in vain. Life is ultimately empty.
 Her philosophies…combat skills…anger and hatred… She taught us all of it to mold us into a perfect army.
 Madame drilled the hate into us, teaching us what it was to kill. Turning us into murderers.
 I never promised a pleasant story.
 Hime…has always been Hime to us.
 A direct descendant of the previous Arius Student Council president… So, kind of like a princess.
 The presidency was once passed down through families, so she would have been Student Council president of the Arius Satellite School.
 On the other hand, Leader, Hiyori, and I were petty thieves living in the slums since childhood. Although it was always Leader dragging us around.
 …It wasn’t that exactly. I just saw no reason to express it.
 Hime is kind, before all else. She held out her hand to a gloomy child like me.
 When she took off her mask, her smile warmed me. Atsuko is…precious to me, too.
 When the civil war ended, I learned that madame planned on sacrificing Hime.
 We didn’t really understand. We only knew how to blindly accept what was handed to us.
 It seemed natural the person we admired the most would be given such an honor.
 But Leader… Leader didn’t accept it. She stole Hime away and brought her back to us.
 I didn’t even know something like that could be done.
 I think Leader must have made a deal with her. Madame would never have handed Hime over.
 So Hime hid her face and voice and started to undergo rigours training with us.
 Leader taught all of us: me, Hiyori, Hime, and Azusa, who joined us later. Looking back, those were hard times.
 Then, we were named Squad and utilized to carry out many missions for Arius.
 But we couldn’t complete this final mission, and Hime was taken.
 We become traitors, joined forces with Sensei, who was our target in the first place, and then returned to Arius. It’s a ludicrous situation.
 …You’re up. Can you keep going?
 At least your fever’s gone down.
 Remember you’re not fully recovered. Don’t get frustrated you’re not at 100%.
 So, what’s the plan, Leader?
 …
 How will we infiltrate the basilica? She knows we’re here.
 Why there?
 Ah. Do you not know? It was the Saint Justina Council who supported Arius’s exit from the Trinity alliance.
 Those who denounced Arius most strongly spearheaded our exodus and reconstruction.
 Have you been there? Are you sure?
 I don’t like so many uncertainties in a plan.
 Right. I wouldn’t normally agree to this, but we have Sensei as backup if things take a turn for the worse.
 Affirmative.
 All clear. Move up.
 I’ve felt off since we arrived.
 We may have been gone for a long time, but everything feels different.
 Enemy approaching. Hide.
 Squad hides while Mimesises appear
 If you think about it…
 The objective during the Eden Treaty plot was to secure the Mimesis ability.
 With the Council troops secured, our mission was to occupy the Trinity and Gehenna districts.
 But we lost to Schale.
 It’s the scream of Ambrosius, a tactical weapon utilized during the Eden Treaty, It seemed to be some form of a Mimesis.
 Yes. Perhaps she only needed one successful Mimesis.
 Our real mission was to take Hime to the old cathedral and activate the Mimesis.
 The Gehenna and Trinity occupation…it must have been a distraction.
 She knew this was our only way in.
 Indeed. We’ve just been playing into her game.
 (...)
 Do we run or fight?
 …Good. I was getting angry.
 We’ve subdued her. I think.
 …
 What is she thinking? She’s a loose cannon.
 Leader, what should we do? Mika isn’t going to give up. The odds aren’t stacked in our favor.
 Arius and the Council. An incredibly strong, vengeful Tea Party member.
 …*sigh*
 We’ll be left behind, Sensei.
 Misaki leaves
 That makes sense. It may be in ruins, but it’s considered a historical site.
 Those questions are lost to history.
 A moment, please.
 ?
 If the passage is connected to the basilica in a straight line…the terrain will be dangerous.
 No, I’m talking about Misono Mika.
 I’ve been trying to think what I would do in her shoes.
 Right now, Sensei is her only obstacle. She doesn’t want to hurt them, but Sensei’s presence puts realizing her vengeance out of reach.
 That means…
 *rumble*
 That’s not good.
 Are you okay, Sensei?
 Leader? Where are you?
 There’s too much smoke and debris. Are you hurt?
 *cough* *cough*
 This is bad. There’s no way around it.
 Leader, can you hear me? We’re going to have to find a point in the middle to meet.
 Back to scene
 ……
 She’s right. Let’s go.
 We don’t even know the way to the chapel.
 Even if we leave now, it will already be too late.
 But Leader is injured. She won’t last long enough for us to save her.
 We have to make a choice. Save Hime, or save our leader.
 I’m leaving the final call to you, Sensei.
 Mika means business…but Hime’s life is hanging by a thread.
 What are you going to do?
 That’s Hime. She’s of royal blood.
 A-Are you crying?!
 …Even if she’s royalty, her situation is likely even worse than ours now.
 They’re escorting a captured hostage to the enemy. She’s a prisoner of war.
 She’ll probably be locked away and never see the light of day, left alone to slowly starve.
 …Sorry. So, what do we do? Just go back?
 …And here she goes again.
 …hurts.
 …Why not?
 Why should we have to go on struggling?
 I’m cold, hungry, and sick. Every day is the same. Painful and unbearable.
 Why do you force this meaningless pain on us? Whaty can come from this?
 …I knew it. You act like you know everything, but you’re no better than us. You know nothing!
 Black screen with footsteps
 Sensei is surprisingly stubborn…
 Are we out of time already?
 It's the Saintess of the Saint Justina Council. Her destructive power is tenfold the angels.
 We don't stand a chance.
 Gunfire
 ...She doesn't listen to anyone.
 She's unconscious.
 What…
 This is what we've been fighting…
 …Okay.
 Me neither. Let's go.
 Ugh... We won't last long in our states…
 This is...Kyrie Eleison?
 What in the seven hells do you think you're doing?
 That idiotic— Sensei! We have to go! Now!
 She's still up there. I don't know if she's…
 Her injuries... She's lost too much blood.
 …
 Hime!
 I can stand, at least.
 …
 What are you saying, Saori?
 This is a bad joke, Leader.
 …
 Leader…
 You never stop working and can come up with a plan in any situation. And you take so much initiative it exhausts me.
 It is hard to imagine, isn't it?
 …
 They went to go find Mika.
 …Tsk.
 Leader left.
 I don't know. She just said to take care of the others.
 It's unfair, Saori. If I have to do this on my own... I…
 It's too heavy for me.
 Hime!
 But how?
 Where do we go?
 Arius, Trinity, Gehenna... We're not welcome anywhere.
 We'll be on the run. Never staying in one spot too long to avoid capture.
 Are you prepared for that life, Hime?
 …
 Hime. Ideals won't feed an empty stomach.
 …
 …Okay.
 Somehow…
