 Saki, Moe. Please exercise restraint for once.
 Our goal is to garner an advantage in negotiations through combat. Not long-term guerrilla warfare.
 Saki, stop. We don’t have any more supplies coming, so we need to ration what we have. This is unnecessary and reckless.
 I understand, but…
 What was that explosion?
 Picks up radio
 Saki, Moe. Please report! Are you okay?
 …
 Communications are down. They must have been attacked.
 I told them over and over again to stay vigilant.
 I need to make preparations to move our base and rebuild our strategy…
 (I didn’t expect their vanguard to arrive so quickly. What do I do…)
 (The Public Safety Bureau is only armed with short-barreled standard pistols. I can win this, but I have to act decisively and quickly.)
 Miyako starts moving
 No! I won’t come quietly!
 Miyako whisks away
 H-How? W-Wasn’t she pointing her gun in a different direction?
 Did she deliberately goad me into running and predict my movement?
 I-I may have been outsmarted this time.
 Miyako falls
 …
 Are you the “grown-up” who led the Public Safety Bureau students?
 Hm. The legendary Schale sensei. Trusted by all, stepping in and waving their extrajudicial authority like a magic wand to solve any problem.
 …
 It’s grown-ups like you I can’t stand the most.
 …It’s you.
 I assume you’ll be conducting my interrogation, Sensei. / I’m surprised I was worth your time. It’s a long trip out here.
 Stop playing games. My answers will be the same no matter what.
 Ask away.
 That’s an unexpected question.
 I’m fine as you would expect a prisoner to be. I can’t complain much.
 Are you trying to negotiate with me? Better conditions for a favor?
 If you think you can get in my head, you’re fighting a losing battle.
 I won’t abandon SRT Academy.
 The first question was unexpected, the second was bad. I’m keeping count.
 I’m not against going to Valkyrie Police School.
 I refuse to leave SRT Special Academy.
 A better question. SRT Academy has a unique sense of justice.
 Maybe I’ve relinquished my right to talk about justice.
 It’s a word you hear a lot in Kivotos.
 Students of Trinity, Gehenna, and even Valkyrie all fight for their own brand of justice.
 …I think their brand is trite.
 Justice is the path to preserving truth.
 Inherently, the path has to be based on the truth. If this is so, justice shouldn’t change no matter who carries it out.
 All these academies, Kivotos’ security organizations, everyone mixes politics and justice. And so justice becomes a sword they wield for their own self-interests. They taint it.
 SRT Special Academy… At SRT we served justice with principle, unaffected by society and politics.
 It didn’t matter if it was me or Saki or Moe or Miyu. Or who our enemy was. Every member of our organization was dedicated to that path. To preserving truth.
 It’s these principles that made me love SRT Special Academy, ever since I was little.
 I respected the justice they pursued. Unaffected by the inherent selfishness of humans.
 But I guess for all my idealistic spouting, SRT disbanded and I become a criminal.
 I’m a failure. If I had led my allies better, cooperated with them, united them, I wouldn’t have let them down. I wouldn’t have let SRT down.
 …You’re a weird one, Sensei.
 I don’t think I deserve that compliment, especially from you.
 We planned everything in advance. On the other hand, you put together a strategy, understood and maximized your allies’ talents, pried open your enemies’ weaknesses, and overwhelmed us entirely in an emergency situation.
 I didn’t stand a single chance.
 My answer is the same.
 Unless you think you can stop SRT Academy from closing, I don’t need anything from you, Sensei.
 Well, then know I won’t stop fighting for SRT Academy.
 We’ll go on fighting for what we believe in, We’ll keep SRT Academy’s justice alive.
 I won’t give up.
 Tsukiyuki  Miyako
 Decision Postponed
 [Valkyrie Police School, Public Peace Bureau Office]
 Everyone… How are you doing?
 I’m sorry. If I had done better…
 You all wouldn’t be in this situation.
 I… I just…
 You’re still here, Sensei?
 Do you have unfinished business at Valkyrie?
 …Are we the unfinished business?
 Huh?
 We must have been placed in Schale’s charge since Sensei was the only one to successfully suppress us.
 I understand the situation now.
 What is your order, Sensei?
 I find it hard to trust you as well.
 We can’t accept your offer.
 Our mission from the beginning has been to resist the General Student Council’s decision to shut down the SRT Academy. Seeking comfort in the Schale dorms would negate all our actions.
 Kousagi Park? Where we had our protest?
 The optics aren’t great if we do return there, however. It’ll look as if we’re being allowed to continue our protest.
 Are you sure you’re okay with that?
 We’re not your usual powerless students to protect, Sensei.
 We still don’t trust you, and we still don’t need your help.
 No amount of kind words or gestures will change our minds.
 …You confound me.
 Until next time, then.
 Saki, Moe… Are you both okay?
 I heard a lot of noise coming from over here.
 Hello Sensei.
 What business do you have, before the sun is even up?
 Fine. You shouldn’t worry yourself so much.
 SRT Students are well-trained for these kinds of situations.
 The situation is entirely under control, Sensei. You may leave.
 As I said, we’re all quite content here.
 Stomach rumbles
 …
 This base was built from a retrofitted park, and the only consumable thing is water from the drinking fountains.
 and there isn’t anywhere we can request supplies from.
 Stop right there.
 I would beware of accepting that.
 Providing essential goods to people in desperate circumstances only to extract whatever they want in return is an extortion tactic as old as time.
 We don’t know what Sensei’s true motivations are. Don’t be fooled by their supposed kindness.
 Stay strong, RABBIT Squad! See Sensei’s cunning tactics to break down our will?
 I guarantee Sensei is waiting for us to take the bait to attack!
 We’ll never give up on the SRT Academy, Sensei!
 …!
 Prepared with all the fixings like that…even that cheap instant ramen cup…
 I knew it. As I said, an extortion trick as old as time.
 I’ll reiterate. We have no intention of transferring schools.
 You thought you could take advantage of our abysmal situation. But we will remain here, where we can preserve the convictions and justice we’ve always fought for at the SRT academy.
 Creature comforts are no substitute for conviction.
 …
 What’s this?
 You’re offering us food? For nothing in return?
 I’ve made it clear, we’re not students you can help, Sensei.
 Fade to black in Miyako’s head
 (Sensei’s sudden shift in tactics is suspicious to the say least, but…)
 Fades back into the scene
 Understood. I don’t believe we have much choice but to accept.
 So… Thank you. Sensei.
 This should be the place.
 [NAME] Sensei…
 Sudden black
 I will never, ever forget this insult. Never.
 <<To be Continued>>
 07 - Operation Carrot 1
 The RABBIT Squad members solve their food problem thanks to the discarded bentos from the convenience store. But they soon encounter hygiene issues as there’s nowhere to bathe in the park. Sensei proposes using a drum barrel as a bathtub, and the squad members set out to find old drum barrels.
 (A few days later I visited the park to check on how Miyako and the rest were doing.)
 [In Front of Kousagi Park]
 Will you settle down? You’re acting like wild dogs fighting over the last bone. It’s undignified.
 We’re not even certain where our next meal is going to come from right now. The best thing to do is fill our stomachs while we can and not fight amongst ourselves.
 I…
 …I think I’ll eat this karaage bento here. No one wants it, right?
 …
 Well. This is embarrassing.
 But as Saki said… There’s nothing to concern yourself with.
 Our initial food supply problem has been resolved. We’re fine.
 …Well Here comes embarrassment number two.
 Sensei approaches Miyako
 Gun fires
 Stop inching closer. Or I won’t miss next time.
 Having to rough it out is par for the course during operations. But it’s not very sustainable in the long run…
 And we’ve heard some pretty suspicious things in our time.
 An adult who can’t be trusted.
 The point is, please refrain from visiting the park until we can shower. You can refrain from visiting again at all, actually.
 A drum barrel?
 I have seen it done before at Hyakkiyako Academy. It seemed to work.
 I hate to say this but…
 What are our other options? Install a tub in the park?
 Moe. Access Kivotos’s digital resource management system and locate any work sites utilizing drum barrels nearby.
 Everyone else. Gear up and be ready for dispatch.
 Successful operations aren’t just flashy shooting skills. Without meeting our basic needs, the squad will never be able to perform at their best.
 So, starting now…
 Commence Operation Carrot: Secure a drum barrel tub!
 <<To be Continued>>
 08 - Operation Carrot 2
 The RABBIT Squad members start to collect drum barrels at a loading dock near DU. But Saki still doesn’t trust Miyako and continues to complain about her leadership. Saki takes over, but Miyu gets lost when she fails to cope with the unexpected situation.
 [The D.U. Harbor Loading Dock.]
 This is RABBIT 1. Time is 2100 hours.
 I’ve arrived at Point Delta.
 Area clear, confirmed. Moving to retrieve
 the carrot at Point Echo.
 I didn’t ask, Sensei.
 If your intention in coming was to lecture us, you’re not needed here.
 A special ops site is no place for you to be anyways, Sensei.
 Are you worried we might steal something? Do you think so little of is?
 Students of the SRT Academy are dedicated to our mission: to protect the safety of the citizens. We would not steal civilian property.
 Based on our intel, the empty drum barrels here are already scheduled for disposal. We won’t cost them any money.
 In fact, we negate their disposal costs and labor.
 S-Sensei…
 RABBIT 2. You need to lower your voice. We’re on enemy turf.
 Let’s move out. RABBIT 2, lead reconnaissance ahead but if you see the enemy do NOT engage.
 RABBIT 2, please refer to my codename during missions. This is basic protocol.
 Th-That’s… I am the squad leader of RABBIT…
 …
 …I don’t think this is a matter the two of us can decide.
 …Understood.
 For this mission, Saki will take the lead of RABBIT Squad.
 RABBIT 2, your orders.
 Enemy approaching!
 Wait, Saki, no! High points might be good for sniping, but she won’t be able to esca–
 Saki, please be quiet! Hostiles are still nearby.
 RABBIT 1, reporting in to Camp RABBIT. We’ve arrived at Point Echo and the carrot has been secured. No injuries to report.
 But our original evacuation route is blocked now.
 And more enemy reinforcements are on the way.
 Wait, where’s Miyu?
 She must’ve panicked and left when the enemies started approaching her.
 Let me think. Miyu has a tendency to follow orders to a T. You said go as high as she can…
 I would assume tower crane at Building B.
 What should we do, Saki?
 Unfortunately, yes. Getting Miyu back safe and sound is our top priority as of now.
 But we’re severely outnumbered. We need to prepare for some damage on our end.
 ?
 …Sensei?
 You have a plan?
 I’m sorry? You want to hide under the barrels all the way to Miyu’s location?
 We need realistic solutions, Sensei.
 How do you intend to move around?
 Understood. I’ll put my faith in you for this mission.
 Find and equip yourselves with a drum barrel.
 Let’s move out! Operation Carrot: Save Miyu!
 Scene changes
 Drum barrels scrummaging through
 …I don’t understand it. How is this working?
 Haha, it would’ve been a little difficult for just us to carry more barrels back.
 When we get back to the SRT Academy one day, we can request some budget to be allocated to purchasing as many as you’d like.
 RABBIT 2, We’re reaching the rendezvous point. Prepare for contact.
 Scene changes
 RABBIT 2, it’s your call! Do we engage?
 I’m relieved everyone made it back.
 And not only that, but all in one piece.
 You weren’t hurt, were you, [NAME] Sensei?
 I’m glad. If Sensei had been injured accompanying us on a mission…
 The General Student Council would’ve had our hides.
 Regardless, the operation was a success. We retrieved the carrot and no one was hurt.
 And that really is thanks to you, Saki.
 This drum barrel serves as a surprisingly comfortable bathtub too.
 And the temperature is just right…
 I must say, it’s sort of charming. All of us bathing in a park together like this.
 Let’s come camping again one day. After we’ve achieved our mission and reopened the SRT Academy.
 Moe. I hereby authorize you to use every single incendiary you own.
 Sudden black
 Yes, Sensei? We’re busy making dinner.
 Saki, it’s against protocol to use the academy’s name when we’re not on official business…
 Rapid collection is the key to preserving the freshness of a bento.
 Once a discarded bento passes its expiration date, every second counts.
 So, as soon as Moe informed us of your call, we dropped everything and came as fast as we could.
 Don’t panic.
 Lure them to a tight space. We’ll funnel them through a choke point and pick them off one-by-one.
 Always. Stay safe.
 Watch out for my signal before the flash bomb. That’s your cue to spread out in formation.
 Well then…
 RABBIT Squad, move!
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 Faced with the RABBIT Squad’s overwhelming firepower, the Pursuers are helpless and incapacitated. Descartes and the RABBIT Squad have a childish argument over supplies. But with Sensei’s intervention, the fight ends and the squad members return to the park.
 Nice and clean, everyone.
 There might not have been a payload, but no one got hurt.
 Great job, Miyu.
 Moe, please arrange for some transportation,
 There’s a lot more loot that we expected. We won’t be able to carry it all.
 Correct. And you were also the ones who baited us with false information and attempted to kill us.
 I don’t believe this even begins to compensate us for our losses as a direct result of your actions.
 We’re not mercenaries. We’re SRT agents.
 We don’t need your help, Sensei.
 Neither do we need to listen to anything you say… But…
 …Yes. I believe we may get stomachaches if we force ourselves to eat.
 Camp RABBIT, this is RABBIT 1. Please cancel transport. Operation complete.
 We’re returning to base now.
 Regretfully, it looks like they’re plum out of the top-quality wagyu bento.
 Luckily, we have the mung bean sprout bentos from today. They’re even a few days before their expiration.
 Are you done with the waterproofing? The spillway outside the park needs to be expanded. And soon.
 The storm sewers are clogged with mud and are about to overflow.
 We need to free them up before we all drown!
 It’s okay. Don’t give up.
 We just need to expand the spillway, and I’m sure we can recover and repair some of the equipment.
 Wh-What are you saying?
 We all took an oath from the beginning.
 We swore to each other we wouldn’t give up. That as long as we kept putting one foot in front of the other, we could carry the SRT Academy’s mantle ourselves. D-Didn’t we?
 …
 …Yes.
 I will keep the SRT Academy’s justice alive. I’ll never give up.
 Fade to black
 Digging
 (The current is so strong… I don’t know how long I’ve been working… I can’t feel my hands and feet…)
 (Maybe they were right. Maybe I am a fool. )
 (But… The justice I believed in… The school that I loved…)
 No! You won’t break me!
 …
 Sensei?
 You’re here to persuade us again?
 We don’t have time for your silly jokes.
 Not today.
 I don’t care what you have to say. I have to clear the spillway, or we really will be flooded.
 Sensei?
 I…I don’t understand.
 Yes, that’s right.
 Digging
 Saki enters
 …The rain finally stopped.
 …Sensei.
 Why do you continue to help us?
 We’ve told you again and again that we won’t be persuaded.
 I’ve been trying to solve it this entire time, but I don’t understand. What do you hope to get out of this?
 …Is that so.
 Most of our equipment is waterlogged and damaged beyond repair.
 But we did manage to stop the park from flooding completely. Thank you, Sensei.
 We’ve rejected your help so many times, and you still came running today when you thought we might need you.
 Thank you, Sensei.
 Fade to black
 (Later, I took my soaking-wet self back to Schale.)
 (Perhaps it was the manual labor in the rain, but I ended up having chills and aches for a few days after.)
 <<To be Continued>>
 12 - Rain-Soaked Bills
 [NAME] Sensei goes to the General Student council with a proposal to repair the flooded park. However the executives, including Administrator RIn, refuse to help students of the SRT Academy. Kaya seems to agree to support as best she can, but after Sensei leaves, she threatens Kanna to get rid of the homeless population in Kousagi Town immediately.
 [General Student Council Reception]
 Hi Sensei. Is that inarizushi?
 How nostalgic. The upperclassmen at SRT used to make and eat inarizushi quite a bit.
 I do hope they’re doing well.
 Thank you, Sensei. Let’s eat.
 Fade to black
 (I explained the entire situation with the RABBIT Squad while eating the warm snack.)
 Back to scene
 …
 So, the General Student Council refuses to provide any aid and a construction company intends to redevelop this entire area.
 While I naturally didn’t expect much support from the General Student Council, the situation is more dire than I thought.
 And in this situation, all our gear and equipment is damaged from the flood.
 Deep breaths, Miyu. Sensei is looking after us. And I won’t let that happen.
 But in reality, we barely have enough firepower to fight off a squirrel, let alone the Public Safety Bureau.
 If only we could repair the machine guns and turrets around the park’s outskirts…
 Black scene
 Moe, do you have a solution for our supply
 issues?
 The SRT Academy exists to protect the citizENS. We would never engage in such behavior.
 The problem with your plan lies in the fact that we have no valuables.
 I agree those are very expensive explosives, but they’re also very broken ones. How are we going to sell them?
 …Moe. Did he just say cluster bomb?
 I KNEW there were discrepancies with missing inventory in the squad’s supply ledger… You told me I was crazy…
 I’m still a bit shocked. Moe really found
 someone to buy our rusty, useless missiles.
 I can finally breathe a little.
 It’s nowhere near our original stockpile, but we’ve mostly replenished most of what we lost to the flood.
 At the very least, we should be able to secure our perimeters for a little while.
 Sudden black
 …What do you want?
 It’s against protocol for us to involve ourselves in civilian affairs.
 Although, it’s the first time seeing HEIAP bullets of this caliber in person.
 Are you okay, Sensei?
 Anyways, it looks like you were caught in the crossfire of a police investigation. Better luck next time.
 There’s an unwelcome face.
 Apologies, Director. What brings you here?
 She’s right. The park’s management falls under the purview of the Culture Office, not Defense.
 We were only granted a suspension of expulsion. We aren’t technically allowed to be here.
 RABBIT Squad, we–
 It doesn’t change the fact that the Public Peace Bureau’s beefed up significantly since then.
 Moe. Were you able to confirm their firearms were manufactured by Kaiser Industries?
 A rebate?
 …I see.
 Kaiser Construction is in charge of Kousagi Town’s redevelopment, and is a subsidiary like Kaiser Industries. Moving funds between the two would pose no problems.
 The only thing standing between Kaiser Construction and profit is the homeless population in Kousagi. So they share weapons from Kaiser Industries with Valkyrie and in return…
 It’s definitely illegal.
 If Sensei’s theory is correct, the Valkyrie Police School, meant to be for the people, is acting like a mercenary organization for private profit.
 Just a theory…
 Well, as of right now we have no way to confirm nor deny how the Public Peace Bureau acquired their weapons.
 We could infiltrate the Valkyrie Police School’s main building and obtain their transaction records.
 !?
 …Us. The SRT Academy.
 Sensei?
 …You really are the strangest.
 But you did remind me of something.
 We are the SRT. The fastest-deploying special forces unit in all of Kivotos.
 If the executives of the Valkyrie Police School are truly colluding with a corporation, uncovering evidence will be no easy matter.
 This mission’s purpose aligns with the objectives and justice the SRT Academy has always upheld.
 RABBIT Squad! Begin preparations for an infiltration mission!
 As of this moment…
 We are commencing Operation Clover to secure proof of the Valkyrie Public Peace Bureau’s illegal rebate!
 <<To be Continued>>
 6
 17 - Operation Clover 1
 Miyako and her companions infiltrate the main building to investigate corruption in the Public Peace Bureau. With the support of Sensei and Moe, they succeed in infiltrating the archive room, but Miyu makes a mistake and they get trapped inside the vault.
 [Valkyrie Police School Main Building Hallway]
 RABBIT 1, reporting. Time is 2330 hours.
 I’ve arrived at Point Echo.
 Guard presence has not yet been confirmed,
 but several electronic signals presumed to be CCTV devices have
 been detected in the opposite hallway.
 RABBIT 1, understood.
 Since we had to rappel down from such a high altitude to be able to infiltrate undetected, it would’ve been dangerous for Sensei to attempt it with no training. So they’ll be supporting from the rear.
 And we couldn’t risk a hostile bulldozing their way through the line of fire and harming Sensei…
 Just us…
 Ah, nothing. Just reviewing the plan.
 Okay, RABBIT Squad. Don’t let your guard down and watch each other’s backs. We’re moving to Point Sierra.
 It’s not surprising it’s secured by a solid steel door.
 Criminals will go to great lengths to hide evidence of their wrongdoings.
 This isn’t a normal lock. It can only be unlocked via an electronic signal.
 We don’t have time for in-fighting.
 The security system will be live again soon.
 We need to prioritize finding the evidence that’ll incriminate the Public Peace Bureau.
 Excellent work, Saki. Let me see.
 Time passes
 It seems Sensei was right.
 Sensei, the Clover has been secured.
 It’s as you said. Kaiser Industries provided free weapons to the Public Peace Bureau in exchange for evicting Kousagi Town’s entire homeless population.
 Yes, this is exactly what we need to put a stop to this unjust conspiracy.
 It’s okay, Miyu. As a sniper, you’re not as familiar with indoor warfare.
 I should've been monitoring the situation in the rear.
 L-Let’s all calm down first…
 M-Me?
 I…
 Fade to black
 (I don’t know. My leadership has been nothing but failures since we left the SRT.)
 (Everything from the protest to when the camp was flooded… Failures.)
 (Is this all I’m capable of? I don’t have the resourcefulness or leadership skills like Sensei…)
 (I’ve led my squad members into a life-threatening situation.)
 (Do I have what it takes to get them out of it? Or will I just fail again, like I always do?)
 Sensei?
 I…I can’t do this, Sensei. The situation is hopeless.
 If you were here, you would be able to figure a way out… You would be able to protect your squad…
 But I’m not like you, Sensei. I never have been.
 If I tried my hardest, with all my ability…
 I don’t know! I just don’t know, Sensei!
 I can’t do this on my own! I don’t believe in me like you do!
 My squad members…trust me?
 …Understood.
 As the field commander, I will be issuing orders to all members.
 The operation from here on out will be volatile and every decision will count. I will not be able to address your questions, and selfishly ask you to follow me blindly even if you don’t understand my reasonings.
 But I promise you, we’re going to conclude this mission safely and take the Clover back to…our home. All of us.
 Understood?
 Yes. Reinforcements will be arriving soon.
 The objective is to play this aggressively and catch them off guard. But avoid large groups and open areas.
 We’ll stage our attack at the eastern hallway. It’s narrow with a lot of cover.
 Remain vigilant for ambushes and make your way to the rendezvous point! Move out!
 <<Battle Sequence>>
 The members of the RABBIT Squad follow Miyako’s instructions and make it to the rooftop, subduing the Valkyrie Police Academy students along the way.
 Copy! RABBIT 2, move forward to the next point! I’m covering you!
 All other members, maintain your current position for five seconds.
 Three… Two… One…
 Saki, now! Discharge Foxtrot!
 Miyu! Enemy sniper at five o’clock!
 Authorized. Saki, cover her!
 Reinforcements detected at the west entrance.
 Moe, can you access the school’s heating system?
 I need you to hack the indoor temperature sensor.
 Raise the indoor temperature readings. We’re going to trick their automatic building management system.
 900 degrees Celcius!
 Hah… I was nervous too. It was a bit of a gamble.
 But we only got through the massive enemy force and to this point thanks to all of your exceptional talents.
 It would’ve been the same result with anyone leading.
 Pardon? Did I say something wrong?
 Thank you, everyone.
 Regardless, I don’t agree that this was all me.
 A special forces operation can only be carried out by all members of the squad!
 That’s enough chitchat.
 We’re not in the clear yet. The Valkyrie students will catch up to us soon. Let’s move!
 Aren’t you…
 (According to Sensei’s intel, this student’s shooting skills are definitely…)
 Ignore her. Keep moving to the rendezvous point.
 RABBIT 1, reporting. Currently 0100 hours.
 We’ve arrived.
 Camp RABBIT, can we expect air support?
 Understood.
 RABBIT 2, seal off the passage to the rooftop and install barricades.
 Director Kanna?!
 …
 I guess we’ll go down together then, Director Kanna.
 ?!
 The goal of our operation was to secure this
 Public Peace Bureau’s ledger.
 This evidence of the illegal rebates you received
 from the Kaiser Group in exchange for evicting the homeless population
 from Kousagi Town.
 Being responsible for the security of Kivotos, the Valkyrie Police School must conduct its official duties fairly and in accordance with the rules set by the General Student Council. That’s the trust the public has put in you.
 But you, the director of the Public Peace Bureau, turned this arm of justice into a petty mercenary squad, colluding with private corporations for your own benefit.
 This is a felony of the highest order and a slap in the face of the justice Valkyrie Police School supposedly claims!
 …
 …Thank you as always, Sensei.
 Director Kanna. One thing I’ve learned recently is that just because your definition of justice is different from mine, doesn’t mean it’s wrong.
 But I can’t abide by a corrupt justice wielded to dodge accountability and responsibility.
 That’s the high, high wall between you and me.
 TIme flies when you’re chatting with an old friend.
 Strap into your harnesses. RABBIT Squad, let’s pull back!
 We’ll be on our way, Director.
 I hope we meet again, under better circumstances.
 RABBIT Squad flies away
 …
 Current time is 0145 hours. This is RABBIT 1,
 arriving at Camp RABBIT.
 The operation yielded no casualties and the
 Clover has been secured.
 Which concludes Operation Clover. Excellent
 work, everyone.
 Heehee. Everyone here really put in their all today.
 And as we agreed on before, I’m entrusting the Clover to you, Sensei.
 We might have uncovered this evidence, but whoever is pulling the strings must be fairly powerful to have backed Director Kanna into a corner the way they did.
 We may be trained agents, but us students are still naive to the ways of this world. This is where our role ends.
 We’ll leave the rest to you, Sensei.
 …The situation is spiraling vert quickly.
 Well, either way, I’m relieved it’s over.
 With the development project scrapped, they gain nothing spending time and money to evict the homeless population here.
 And we get to keep our home.
 Karaage…?
 …They never change, do they?
 Fade to black
 [Chief of Defense Office]
