 Heeheehee! My moment to shine!
 Beep
 Boom
 Now, now Saki.
 We fought off all their little police officers without breaking a sweat. What’s a stupid video gonna do?
 Maybe they’ll even get it through their thick heads that they never should have tried to close down SRT.
 Hi, hi! You listening, you dummy General Student Council members?
 Please keep struggling uselessly, I’ve got lost, lots more bombs I want to try out.
 U-Ugh. You’ll get wrinkles if you keep that serious face all the time, Miyako.
 Heehee. Saki, have you always been this brilliant?
 Let’s let loose!
 Oh, oh! Or we can take all the remaining ammo and make fireworks!
 Heehee, I think I might be drooling.
 Ah.
 Yeah! If I wanna blow something up, I’ll blow it up.
 The General Student Council president was our leader, not you!
 Oh, oh! This is just my most favoritest part… *pant pant*
 Aim and…
 KA-BOOM!
 Beep
 Boom
 …
 What’s got your knickers in a twist?
 Is there something wrong with surveillance?
 Hahaha! I’ll eat those small fries for dessert!
 Eh, well. Miyu’s got the area covered. They’ll go boom no problem.
 Hah! You think those silly little pretend police
 Officers with pea shooters could take down our Miyu?
 Ammo? There’s none left. Na-da. Not even a a single dust speckle.
 Heehee. They all went ka-boom in our fireworks show!
 We used eeeverything, bombs ammo, and all, to blow up the drone.
 Blowing everything up at once? With no care for the consequences?
 Nothing could excite me more! Hahahaha! *pant pant*
 We were really caught by a bunch of dummies like that?
 Are you questioning the importance and beauty of explosions? If you are then I’ll–
 You here to gloat about your victory? Huh?
 If I see you again, it’s ka-boom for you.
 RABBIT Squad walks away
 The one and only.
 Hey, hey. Miss Officer, you almost done with your little questioning?
 I’m running out of candy and I’m b-o-r-e-d. Can I go?
 Alright, alright, Miss Officer.
 …Leaving SRT would’ve sucked.
 You’ve got it all wrong, Miss Officer.
 If you gave me a ticket away from the RABBIT members, I’d be on the next flight out.
 Miyu’s a useless crybaby, and Saki is always just nag, nag, nag. Nagging queen.
 The big ka-booms of course! The weapons!
 Pffffffft. Those measly little kiddie toys? They’re not even in the same league!
 Have you ever felt the rumble of an anti-tank missile tearing through enemy lines? Or seen incendiary bombs that set everything on fire, as far as you can see?
 The SRT Special Academy let me blow up what I wanted, with whatever I could dream of!
 It isn’t.
 …
 The gang’s all here. Looks like they finally ran out of questions.
 They ran out of lollipops so I’m pretty much done with this place.
 Oh, boo-hoo. The SRT Academy went ka-boom so it doesn’t matter what they do.
 Hm. Well, I guess.
 Watch out, Miyu. They’re gonna drag us to an underground facility and do weird, illegal experiments on us. You’ll be the first since you’re the smallest.
 You think we would do something we didn’t want to, even if you were the squad leader?
 This weirdo?!
 Spit it out, Mister. We’ll take whatever you throw at us.
 For once, I’m speechless.
 I want a fluffy bed and a shower. My social battery is spent after that interrogation nonsense.
 What respectable teacher invites female students to their dorms? Hmm?
 You’ve come up with an evil plan, haven’t you?
 Heehee. Sensei wants to use us for their shameful desires.
 Are you gonna let me blow things up at Schale? Huh?
 And all my toys are still there!
 Haven’t we been from the beginning?!
 RABBIT Squad walks away
 Is that our least favorite Sensei?
 Ooh, I’d be careful. I buried a mine around there.
 Heehee. I dunno where it is m though.
 Let’s see… How to find it… I guess if something goes ka-boom, voila! We found it!
 This is basic procedure!
 Apparently anti-tank mines and exploding trap wire isn’t basic procedure though…
 Never be lulled into a false sense of security. That’s what losers do.
 Miyako walks in
 Well, we’re hardly in the wilderness here. We have running water and electricity. It’s practically a 5-star hotel!
 Saki! Your tummy betrayed us all, you dummy.
 You ever heard the term “hangry”? It means I’, angry because I’m hungry!
 Hey! Don;t come after my missiles just because you’re hungry.
 They’re important too! Think about the glitz and glamor of its KA-BOOM!
 And anyway, Miss Hypocritical. Didn’t you just bring a bunch of textbooks? Why don’t you eat the paper?
 Th-The Mitoshin brand chicken soy sauce ramen! I normally only drool this much for explosives.
 Well, if the ever-generous Sensei is simply insisting we take the ramen, what’s a lil’ girl like me to do?
 I want something a hundred times yummier if you’re going to extort me!
 S-Saki, I’m losing concentration…
 Can’t you smell the umami in the savory broth? Sensei’s every slurp drives me closer to madness!
 L-Look at the soft consistency of the yolk. It can only be one thing.
 I thought I was the crazy one around here…
 Puh-lease, Miyu. Ugh, this is why I can’t stand you.
 Do you really think our googly eyes and grumbly tummies made someone
 like Sensei go, “Oh dear, I have to help these poor students out of the
 goodness of my heart?”
 Wh-Where’s the food? Saki, catch me. I think I’m gonna faint from hunger.
 Oh no, not at all! That's us! The Bento Disposal Specialists at your service!
 We just weren’t sure if this was the right place!
 Because we’re hungry!! *ahem* I mean, because we work so hard, you know? Hah! Haha!
 You don’t happen to have any old milk or drinks, do ya?
 They’re about to expire, not expired, okay?! What else are we supposed to do, Miss Superiority?
 Well, go get your panties in a bunch somewhere else!
 I’m gonna enjoy every last delectable bite of lunch myself.
 ?!
 I did, actually. What are you gonna do
 about it?
 Make me! I don;t see you jumping at the chance to eat that junk.
 Is your superpower bad timing or something?
 I’m sure you don’t mind sacrificing the yakiniku bento then~
 Heehee, are you surprised Sensei? Your little plan to humiliate us with leftovers as Bento Disposal Experts went flop like a dead fish!
 Saki, have you heard of… Hmm, how do you say it? Oh yeah. SHUTTING UP?!
 I’ve seen this on TV! Sensei wants to sniff our icky, stinky clothes while we shower. Isn’t that right, Mister Weirdo?!
 Someone I’d like to blow up?
 Oh! Oh! How about I throw an incendiary bomb into the bathroom and it’ll warm up the water! Heehee, Moe you’re just too smart sometimes.
 Do I look like a freaking ninja to you? Do you want to die?
 Seriously! Are you an old fart, Sensei?
 Helloooo! Camp Rabbit, back in her element! Squad member GPS signals are locked and loaded, baby!
 The loading dock’s security is changing shifts, just like we planned.
 So dance your pretty little self down straight to Point Echo.
 Both options suck. Bleh.
 He’s looking for a bathroom! This wasn’t in the plans.
 Oh, wow. Saki messed up again? I’m sooo surprised. Not.
 Little Miss Top-of-Her-Class, but absolutely trash at actual field work.
 She’s not with you? Her GPS indicator is right next to yours.
 Hate to break up your reunion, but you’ve got reinforcements coming from left, right, and center!
 Woah, woah, whoa. Who let this thing in? Is it a cryptid? Or the crawling chaos of Kivotos?
 I just can’t figure it out… Maybe I should make it go ka-boom…
 Heehee, Sakiiii~ Do you need some medicine for your poor little ego? Miss Perfect didn’t last five minutes as squad leader before everything went ka-boom.
 Admit it. You’re just as good as me at field work.
 Heeheehee. I had a feeling you’d say that.
 Ta-da! I got firewood and towels already so everyone can take a nice, toasty bath.
 Don’t worry your crybaby little head that much. Look, that thermal imaging equipment is keeping track of the temperature.
 I’d even say it’s getting a little cool in here…
 How about I sprinkle some thermite powder on the firewood? Heehee.
 BLOW UP, PERVERT!
 Explosion
 Ugh… Again, Sensei? I stayed up all night and I wanna go to sleep.
 If you call us one more time…
 I promise, Sensei said there was some here.
 I traced their cell right to where you are, so bring us home some meat!
 What about the top-quality wagyu bento?! Sensei said it was there!
 Does no one appreciate me?! I already arranged transport!
 Over my dead body! If any of my communications equipment gets damaged, I’ll really show you crazy!
 These cost more than your life is worth!
 That was not the kind of explosion I like.
 The communications equipment is ruined.
 If I had known this was gonna be the end result, I never would have tried.
 Pretty words and pretty oaths, Miyako. That’s all that ever was.
 We can’t keep our little game of pretend forever.
 All our worldly possessions are sitting a food underwater.
 Living out in the streets was fun at first. But it’s getting tiring.
 …Dummies until the end.
 We knew Sensei was a dummy the first moment we laid eyes on them. Heehee.
 Hey, open your eyes crybaby. This is what
 happens when you’re too much of a scaredy-cat to even look at the
 intruder.
 It’s just Sensei.
 Inarizushi? Miyu, Miyu! A napkin! I’m drooling.
 …Suspicious.
 Saki,inspect it first. You don’t know what it could be laced with.
 Your resident supplies expert, at your most honorable service.
 <<To be Continued>>
 14 - The Barter System
 Moe, supply manager of the RABBIT Squad, tries to buy cheap weapons by selling submerged equipment to Kaiser Industries. To her shock, the sales representative informs her that someone had purchased every single weapon they had in stock.
 You have no eye for art! Ammunition is never a waste in pursuit of the beauty of explosions. It was an essential sacrifice!
 Do you want me to bail us out, or not? The wonderful person I am, I can get us supplies without spending a cent.
 Sensei, do you think so little of me?
 My tip-top secret for supplies acquisition is…
 The barter system!
 People’ve been bartering for things they want since before we could talk.
 And so, easy peezy lemon squeezy, we’ll trade off our valuable items for new and wonderful incendiaries… and weapons.
 Are you a dummy? You think we’re trading with those hypocrite monks?
 What we do have is the missiles and bombs at the outskirts of camp. My babies.
 I can’t believe I’m suggesting selling off my precious babies…even if they’re water-damaged.
 But my bleeding heart will live knowing that a caring owner will love them the way I did. And then my beautiful, splendid babies will be detonated like they deserve.
 Am I not literally this squad’s unit supply specialist? I got connections you can’t even dream of.
 Just to name one…
 My little friend, Kaiser Industries is a subsidiary of Kaiser Group, and they’re the big guns for weapons in the Black Market. Heehee, get it? They sell to hard-up mercenaries who’ll take anything they can get.
 So, if anyone’s gonna take good care of my rusty little babies, it’s Kaiser Industries.
 And, voila! In return, I get you your ammunition and guns from Kaiser itself!
 I’ll make you go ka-boom faster than you can say rabbit!
 Well then, would you like to see the expert at work?
 Ringing
 Long time no talk, buddy!
 It’s the SRT Academy supply manager. Heehee.
 A girl’s gotta do what she’s gotta do, right?
 I used my own money, not SRT budget! And it was for personal reasons!
 Actually, I wasn’t looking to buy anything today.
 I was hoping to sell.
 I hope you’re ready, you might blow your circuits. I’ve got loads of state-of-the-art stuff, stuff you won’t even be able to find anywhere else.
 Infrared image-guided anti-aircraft missiles, scalable cluster grenades, remote-controlled anti-tank rockets…
 I know, I know. The deal of the century! Imagine how your boss would praise you. There’s a small matter of a little rust, but you know how it is with the humid weather.
 (Shut up, Sensei! I’m trying to make a deal here!)
 Ah, so you see, I’ve unfortunately been running into some issues with my account.
 It should be resolved soon, but until then I was hoping to be paid in weapons and ammo instead.
 I didn’t stutter! I’m willing to let go of my anti-aircraft missiles fora bunch of measly guns. Strong ones, of course.
 Or if you have, you know, thermo-pressure grenades, or white phosphorus smoke grenades! *pant* *pant*
 …
 Whaaat?! The entire stock?
 Who on earth would buy that much firepower? Why?
 The only reason you would need that much is to go to war!
 Well, they all know about the cluster bombs now…but yeah…
 What in the world… What psychotic world do we live in that Kaiser Industries just…has no more weapons? What has this society come to?
 W-Wait a second! Can you guys go back to being worried about supplies?
 Don’t sweat the small details!
 Kaiser Industries might have let me down, but you know what never does? Second-hand auctions! I have already made a post, so just wait for the buyers to come rolling in!
 You may be an uncultured neophyte, but underestimate these auctions will be your first and final mistake!
 Look! A message! I told you it wouldn't let me down!
 ring
 ?
 …Wait, seriously?
 <<To be Continued>>
 15 - A Small but Certain Failure
 The RABBIT Squad sells all their rusted equipment and purchases new equipment through a strange, anonymous buyer. But Descartes appears in a panic, saying the Valkyrie Public Peace Bureau is armed with new weapons and is kicking out the homeless from the neighborhood. Before Descartes can finish speaking, Kanna appears in the park with a full squadron.
 [Kousagi Park]
 …
 Oh my sweet, summer child. Cash is cash. We can buy new toys and ammo and that’s all that matters.
 But also, Saki. What was with all that solid fuel and gasoline you ordered? You can’t blow anything up with that.
 I couldn’t buy my aerosol bombs because of you.
 You calling me stupid? You’re stupider! Name one thing that’s more important than explosives!
 Heeheehee! Come, my little babies! Time to go ka-boom!
 Yeah, so buzz off. Go ask your Pathetic-friends or whatever you call them.
 The Public Peace Bureau?
 Those uppity cops wouldn’t spare half a cent on a bunch of hobos like you.
 So the ingrates who bought all my weapons from Kaiser before I could was the Valkyrie Police School?
 Heehee. It looks like Sensei has at least one talent.
 Hey, dummy. The Chief of Defense was the one who said we could live here.
 You’re trying to tell me, Miss Director, that you’re going against your superior’s directive?
 So they’re gonna kick a bunch of homeless kids out of a park?
 That solves absolutely nothing! You’re ignoring the real issues here.
 Heeheehee. Maybe you’ve got bad memory, but I remember you all going ka-boom and running out with your tail between your legs the last time you tried.
 Guns aren’t even my weapons of choice. Maybe you’d like to meet some of my incendiary babies.
 Duh. Clear as day, those are the weapons we were trying to buy from Kaiser.
 How could those snot-nosed cheapskates at Valkyrie afford such expensive weapons? I’m baffled.
 It’s a sales strategy companies use. If you buy in bulk from us, we’ll pay you back a percentage of it. Scratching each other’s backs.
 But the way I see it, only Valkyrie’s getting their back scratched here. What’s Kaiser getting out of it?
 Fade to black
 (I shared my theory with the RABBIT Squad.)
 That means those dirty cops are getting paid in weapons to kick out all the homeless people for Kaiser!
 Valkyrie’s transaction records are all stored on a local server, so I can’t even hack them. And I’ve absolutely tried.
 I hate to admit it, but all we can do is make a report and twiddle our thumbs.
 …Huh… When the police cross the line, where DO you go?
 Who else but us?
 Hey, Sensei. Is the word responsible even in your dictionary?
 Punish them with the might of all available firepower…
 This is Camp RABBIT. Affirmative. There were CCTVs there, but I’ve already took over them. Heehee.
 I’m monitoring the video feeds for you, so you’re clear to make your way to Point Sierra. Not a guard in sight.
 Teeheehee! Bypassing this level of security is easier than blowing up a building.
 …Mostly. The server has a randomized numerical code that changes every thirty minutes, so I can’t promise anything beyond that. You either finish in that time frame or it’s a bust.
 The code has the vice president of Veritas written all over it. What a pill.
 Do you have earwax or something? I told you, I disabled the cameras and alarms!
 We get it, Little Miss Perfect. The Public Peace Bureau’s ledger, I mean, the Clover is located at Point Sierra, on the third floor of the basement. Make your way to the west stairs. Route still clear.
 And to emphasize, I can only keep the alarms disabled for thirty minutes. You dummies better be back at the rendezvous point by then.
 I’m going as fast as I can, all right? Geez!
 Yes. Please. Breach the solid steel door with explosives. Be my guest.
 Oh and just go ahead and wake up the entire student body while you’re at it. What’ll you do when that happens, you dummy musclehead?
 Run the decoding program using the secret key I found through the plaintext…
 Beep
 We’re in, ladies and ladies!
 Do you think I just have to sit here and wave a
 magic wand?
 If it’s so easy, why don’t YOU try next time?
 Didn’t you retrieve the Clover? Are you guys having
 a tea party in there?
 Time’s almost up! You need to get back to the rendezvous point immediately!
 What?! Which imbecile closed the door behind you guys?
 Even I know that closing a door to a walk-in vault room activates an auto-lock! And I don’t study!
 Did I or did I not tell you I was monitoring the situation on the CCTVs?
 You acted based off your emotions and not the facts! And look at the situation you’ve put your squad members in!
 I’m pissed too, but now isn’t the time! We need to get you out before the security system goes live!
 I can’t do that when the mechanical lock’s already been triggered!
 Miyako, use that brain of yours for something! Five minutes left!
 You’ve got to do something, and do it now!
 You think I’m gonna lead us? I have my hands full with helping you dummies from over here anyway.
 Systems like that have virtually no security. It’s a snap.
 Heehee. What I like to hear. How hot?
 It’s nice and toasty now! Or at least the building thinks it is.
 We were just your little pawns and you played the game perfectly.
 It’s part of her charm.
 We’re behind schedule because of the change in
 rendezvous point.
 Hold tight for five minutes! We’ll get you outta there!
 A desperate situation, hostiles approaching and a barely barricaded door, waiting on tenterhooks for a helicopter….
 Just like the zombie movie we watched last week.
 All the zombies jumped on the helicopter making it crash and…everyone died?
 But us crazies on the SRT, no matter what.
 Miyako, helicopter incoming!
 Hold on tight so you don’t get left behind!
 As thrilling as all that adrenaline was… I’m ready to relax.
 Let me just…turn off the comms equipment…before I sleep…
 Saki and Moe fall asleep
 …
 I can’t put my finger on something…
 How do I say it… Everything moved so quickly. Corporate scandals normally move slowly and much more quietly.
 All parties were so…agreeable? The General Student Council hopped to their investigation like eager little bunnies, and even the Kaiser Group bowed their heads on the Kousagi Town redevelopment as if they hadn’t poured millions into the project already.
 If I had to point to something… Sensei, did you threaten the General Student Council?
 Oh dear, oh dear. My fingers have been itching to blow something up.
 Saki, be a pal and throw me one of my little babies.
 Now you’re speaking my language. It’s when you greet someone with gunpowder and lead.
 Revered food? What? Tell me, now!
 Don’t be mean. It’s not food waste at all.
 According to Kivotos’s garbage disposal regulations, chicken bones are classified as combustible waste. So, it’s worse.
 …
 Let’s wage war against these jerk turkeys!
 …
