 Are you awake? You got lucky!
 I’m just happy is all. Are you okay, Sensei? I was afraid you’d never wake up.
 Hmph. Don’t act so high and mighty, Midori. When I said, “I think I hit Sensei” the
 first thing you asked me was, “Is the FlyStation okay?”
 You do?! You must have read our letter! I didn’t think you’d really come!
 Welcome to the Game Development Department, Sensei!
 I’m Momoi: the department’s scenario writer
 There’s also our president, Yuzu, but she’s not here at the moment…
 Together we make up the Millennium Game Development Department!
 We can finally explore the ruins now that you’re here, Sensei.
 Okay!
 until recently, the Game Development Department had been creating a 16-bit game
 in peace.
 Then one day, the Student Council Launched its attack!
 Two days ago, Yuuka, one of the Student’s Council’s Four Divine Beasts, appeared
 and gave us an ultimatum.
 I-I know that voice!
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 2 | Seminar Treasurer Yuuka
 [Millenium Game Development Department]
 It’s you! One of the Student Council’s Four Divine Beasts! The Cold and Calculating
 Treasurer, yuuka!
 N–Not so fast!
 You said that if we don’t have the minimum required members to meet our club's objectives…
 I do have grounds! We’re standing on tons of ‘em! O–Our club is working its butt off at our activities
 So, w–we deserve a summit hearing!
 S–Sometimes you’ve gotta look at the intentions behind something instead of the results…
 You’re the one who asked for an excuse!
 It’s not like we don’t have any results! we DID complete an objective!
 We finished a game!
 Y–You can’t judge our game based on some trolls tearing us down…
 H–Hey, all publicity is good publicity, right?!
 …
 you want us to prove it?
 …
 D–Don’t call it junk.
 They’re my…
 (I got it!)
 You want results? you’ll get them!
 In fact, development is practically done!
 Why so surprised, Midori?
 We have a secret weapon up our sleeves.
 And we’ll be making a submission to the millennium prize…
 Tales Saga Chronicle 2! Otherwise known as TSC2!
 It’s a contest where hundreds of Millennium clubs submit the fruits of their labor. No one could shut us down if we won that! Not even you!
 …
 We’ve been trying that for months, and no one’s joined.
 I’m tired of people saying retro games are trash when things like VR have already been around for years.
 That sneaky Yuuka! She’s just discriminating against us because she knows we’re nerds that don’t have friends! I hate her!
 Whatever. My point is we have no hope of going the recruitment route.
 But that doesn’t mean there isn’t a way.
 It’s Sensei, obviously.
 Don’t you remember those ruins I mentioned, Sensei?
 There’s a mysterious place near Millennium the General Student Council won’t allow anyone to enter.
 Supposedly, the reason access is restricted is because it’s dangerous, but they’ve never told anyone what the danger is. That's pretty suspicious if you ask me.
 It’s impossible to know if anyone has ever gone in or if anyone has ever made it back.
 It’s a completely unknown world…
 Because we wanna make a great game!
 Let me be clear.
 I know the only thing we have to our name thus far is a crummy Worst Game of the Year award
 But the game consoles that I love, that have always made me happy…
 …are anything but junk! They’re my Treasures!
 All we have to do is go to the ruins and finally find it.
 Oh, I probably should have explained that first.
 Sensei, by any chance…
 …have you ever heard of the G.BIBLE?
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 3 | To the Ruins
 [The Ruins]
 …
 …
 Shh don’t make a sound. Keep your head down, Sensei!
 Phew. Are they gone?
 Good. Let’s go.
 What do you mean? I told you before we came here.
 These are the ruins.
 But I get what you mean. I knew this place was supposedly dangerous, still…
 I don’t know much other than what I heard from Veritas…
 I already told you that access to this location was heavily restricted, right?
 Well, now that we’re here, I’ll explain it again. The one who restricted Access to this place and tried to hide its very existence was none other than…
 …the President of the Prime Student Council.
 One and the same. The Prime Student Council also had troops stationed here, but they withdrew after she went missing.
 We wouldn’t have gotten this far otherwise. The point is this!
 Since the Prime Student Council has given up on trying to hide or watch this place, Veritas was able to slip us in.
 According to what Himari Told me…
 …these ruins might hold all sorts of long lost things from Kivotos’ past.
 That’s not it. When I asked Veritas for the G.BIBLE, they also looked into the last place it was activated.
 But the result came back as “area redacted”
 Exactly.
 G.BIBLE is somewhere in these ruins.
 I was gonna tell you yesterday before Yuuka interrupted us.
 back in Millennium’s early days–well, all of Kivotos’ early days, really…
 There was a legendary game developer.
 That person created the G.BIBLE while they were attending Millennium.
 The exact details aren’t known…
 …but I was told it contains the secrets to making a perfect game.
 No! The G.BIBLE is real! I know the bible for creating the perfect game is out there somewhere!
 If we were to get our hands on G.BIBLE, Tales Saga Chronicles 2 would be perfect!
 All we have to do is follow the coordinates Veritas gave us and we’ll finally have it.
 Ah…Uh… Uh–oh.
 Ugh, What do we do?!
 Ooh! Good thinking, Sensei! Hurry and break through the robots! We’re going to the factory!
 What the…?
 Why aren’t the robots still chasing us?
 They were hot on out heels right up until we entered the factory
 I don't get what they’re doing but it works out great for us! Right?
 Calm down, Midori. The worst is behind us.
 Never mind that. What even is this place
 Actually, I was wondering if those robots were brought here by them to begin with.
 I’m starting to doubt that now…
 I think there’s more to this. And…
 Wh–What was that?
 What the…? How does it know my name?
 Don’t tell me…
 What was that?! Have you been here before?!
 Wait. by Bottom, it doesn’t mean…?
 Waah!
 Ugh….I thought we were gonna die.
 What do you mean? Be grateful Sensei broke our fall.
 I think you owe Sensei an apology for that one.
 Are you okay?
 Luckily, we didn’t fall as far as I thought we would. Huh?
 …
 What in the…?
 A girl?
 *poke* *poke* Nothing. it’s almost like she’s dead
 Really? Come to think of it, I guess she does kind of look like a mannequin. Let’s see…
 *poke* Hmmm Her skin is so soft. Oh, there’s some letter here
 AL-1S…
 What’s that supposed to mean? Is it supposed to be her name?
 How would you pronounce that?
 R–Really?
 Maybe we should ask her/
 Wow, you really did bring an extra change of clothes. Wait! That’s my underwear!
 What was that noise ?!
 No… I think it came from her.
 Explain? You want to know what’s going on?
 Fascinating. Kivotos have several robotic citizens, but I've never seen one that looks like us.
 Hmm…
 Factory basement… No clothes… Memory loss
 That’s pretty suspicious if you ask me.
 Ugh ! Don’t choke me! I can’t breathe! *cough*
 I had no choice. I couldn’t leave her there with all those scary robots…
 We couldn’t leave her all alone
 We can’t do that. Not until our task is all done
 Hmm. First, we should give her a name. How does “Aris” sound?
 Eh. The other thing would take too long to say, and it’s not cute enough. Trust Me–a dev knows best. What do you think, Aris?
 Hahaha! See? Do I Know how to pick a cute name or what?
 Think about it, Midori.
 Why did we risk our lives to get G.BIBLE in the first place?
 Exactly
 To keep our club, we have to meet one of the two conditions
 Making a good game and winning the Millennium Prize is just one of our options.
 Aris!
 You’re now one of us!
 That’s my Game Girl Advance SP! It’s the only 16-Bit game console in Kivotos with an 8-core, 16-thread custom CPU capable of 8K resolution!
 We have to. I'll do whatever it takes if it means saving the Game Development Department.
 Yuzu can’t move back to the dorms. if we don’t do this…she’ll have nowhere to go
 I think she passes the eye test. All she needs now is a weapon and a student ID.
 I’ll take care of getting her registered and having an ID made
 Midori, I want you to teach Aris how to hold a conversation with Yuzu.
 Like you said, she’s not gonna sound like anormal student
 People have been saying for ages that our club can’t recruit new members because we have no friends.
 So, Yuzu asks Aris whether she really belongs to the Game Development Department and Aris responds with something like…
 “Affirmative. Aris is property registered to the Game Development Department. Beep boop.”
 …That’s going to raise a few eyebrows.
 Good! I’m counting on you!
 Ahahaha!
 Where’s the fun in knowing what will happen?! The trick is you should press the A button there!
 Oh, I must have gotten there too late since no one was there. I’ll go back tomorrow.
 Ooh! I know what you’re feeling! it must be “interest” or “anticipation”!
 You’re picking this up quicker than I expected! once you’re past the tutorial, It won’t be long until you get the best part of any RPG…
 <COMBAT START!>
 Mash the A button! Trust me!
 Do you think the “Hmph!” at the end is a little too much?
 You’re getting it! It’s all about learning a little bit at a time until you know how to handle anything and everything. That’s the allure of retro games!
 (Two hours later…)
 I-It’s okay, Aris! Right after this phase is the climax!
 That was incredible, Aris! Sure you had two devs with you, but you got the true ending in only three hours! What a speedrun!
 Yeah, I get what you mean…
 B-But why…?
 *gasp!*
 Wh-What the…?!
 Whaddya mean why? She’s been touched by our game!
 Thank you, Aris! Your tears cancel out a thousand bad reviews! I wish Yuzu could be here to see this!
 huh? When did the cabinet get open?
 Midori, stop! Don’t throw the FlyStation again!
 Yuzu!
 Anyway, I think an introduction is in order. Aris, meet Yuzu, the president of the Game Development Department.
 Wait! I’ve got some must-plays first!
 The more you play, the more natural your natural speech is becoming. All we gotta do is get a lot of words in front of you…
 First, The Fable of Heroes, then Final Fantasia and then ChronoDigger–
 Wow, you read so fast, Aris. And you understand everything on screen too?
 Zzz—mmm…
 Good morning!
 Here ya go, Aris.
 *Gives ID*
 Wooow! You’re getting so good at talking now. This is a student ID.
 You need a student ID to prove you go to our school. Veritas hacked–I mean, registered you in the academy list, so you’re one of us now!
 Of course! We’re already got the uniform and the student ID! It’s fiiiiine…
 Next order of business is…
 …a weapon.
 All right, Aris. We’ve got some things to show you.
 Like a grand tour of the Millennium School!
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 7 | Much Too Big to Be Called a Gun
 [Millenium Game Development Department]
 All students in Millennium–or well, Kibotos have their own personal weapons.
 So, you’ll need one too, Aris
 And there’s only one place that’ll get you what you need in short notice.
 The Engineering Club
 They do a bunch with machines in general and also handle remodeling the school’s weapons…
 So I betcha they’ve got some spare weapons lying around.
 All right, let’s go!
 [Engineering Club Workshop]
 Wow! Thanks a bunch, Utaha!
 Oh, a pistol.
 I get the feeling this girl, uh, doesn’t have much combat experience. Am I right?
 Wh-What is it?
 …Huh?
 Th-That’s amazing.
 But imagine how the store clerk would freak out if you whipped a pistol and said “I’ll be paying with this!”
 An intergalactic b-battleship…That’s nuts…
 That’s quite the name for a fridge!
 When you put it that way, it gets me kind of excited!
 why’d you hype me up just to shoot me down?!
 Then why did you make this gun in the first place?!
 I’m surrounded by idiots!
 Whoa! Look at Aris’ eyes sparkle!
 But you said everything in this corner is fair Game
 Ah. I knew it. THis is about money.
 Don’t worry, Aris if you must. I’m willing to part with Midori’s Flystation
 What are we getting realistic about if the issue is not money ?!
 Don’t get me wrong, but the budget is something to be concerned about
 However, there is something more pressing here…
 This weapon is too heavy-duty to be used as a personal weapon
 This is crazy. I feel like we just got a super rare item!
 Thanks guys!
 What now?
 Ah! Maybe she’s not going to let the railgun so easily.
 S-Seriously?! I thought you said we could have it if she could lift it, Utaha!
 Haha! Now that all the hard stuff is out of the way, we can kick back and play games, right?
 We’ve got a raid today, Are you ready, Aris?
 ‘Course I did. She said she’ll come this afternoon to screen Aris’ eligibility… Oh! Aris ! The boss is about to do its AOE breath attack! Careful or we’ll get wiped!
 Chillax, Midori. Aris is totally ready.
 Aris! Do your introduction!
 No, not your game character! I mean yourself, Aris!
 You’re a programmer!
 Sorry, but you’re wrong!
 (Ack!)
 It’s uh, a misunderstanding! Aris is a little scatterbrained so she didn’t finish her word. She must have been trying to say the “spectacular” something!
 C-Calm down! It wasn’t personal!
 All that confusion aside, we got the number of members we needed! Can we keep the Game Development Department now?
 (Ack!)
 You TOTALLY meant to say it that way…
 What are you whispering about?! What are you trying to do to our Aris?!
 (Aris’ Millennium ID)
 Here, take a look at this pristine student ID! She’s the real deal!
 (Ack!)
 She didn’t even try to hide it that time…
 (She totally biffed it!)
 …
 It’s game over…
 (We are so screwed!)
 Wait, really…?
 Woohoo!
 S-So we keep the club room? Oh, and are we gonna get a budget?!
 Wow! Wait…what?
 But we have enough people! What more do you want?!
 Th-This can't be happening!
 Grr… This is so unfair!
 I…I guess i did
 Hold on you… You…! Arrrgh!
 Gah! This sucks! They’re just trying to get us kicked out!
 Right, but, um…
 Well, y’know, the item drop rate was doubled at the time.
 Yeah…
 So we need the G.BIBLE after all! Ugh, Does that mean we’re going back to the ruins?
 You WHAT?!
 Alright. Let’s do this!
 That’s the spirit! This time, that G.BIBLE is ours! Let’s go!
 Sensei!
 Get down!
 *BOOM*
 Don’t worry. We lured them into this narrow space  on purpose.
 I-It worked!
 No.
 We can’t keep running away, We have to break through.
 If we retreat here, we’ll never get another chance. Now that the battle’s begun, the robot will never stop coming.
 This is our only chance to get into the factory and go to where the G.BIBLE should be.
 Wow! We’re actually, like, crazy strong! If we tried, we could probably even take on C&C or some of those ace squads from other academies!
 What’s up, Aris?
 Huh?
 ,,,
 Hmm. I know what you mean. Y’know, I guess this place is kind of similar to where we found Aris in the first place
 I think that computer is already on!
 …
 *beep*
 <Welcome to the Division System. Please enter the item you need help with>
 Wow, this’ll be easier than I thought! Should I type in “G.BIBLE”?
 Oh! Something popped up!
 <…>
 <#$@#$$%#%^*&(#@>
 I-Is it broken?! Aris What did you do?!
 Huh?!
 Huh?!
 The screen’s getting all blurry, what’s wrong with it?
 <Ye—@!#%#@!$%@!!!>
 What?! N-No, don’t die! We have to find the G.BIBLE!
 <Seeking query “G.BIBLE.” Found. Commence load [YES/NO]>
 Really?!
 Don’t go throwing parts away! It’s a treasure among game developers–no, the entire world!
 <Suggestion if you wish to acquire the G.BIBLE, connect a storage device to receive transfer data.>
 What? Do you know where the G.BIBLE is?
 <Yes. And so do you>
 <You’ve already found it>
 Wh-What?!
 <To be precise, I contain the G.BIBLE. However, my current form will not last much longer. Please move me to a new storage device.>
 Hmm. What do we have that could work…? Oh! We can use this Game Girl SP memory card?
 <*sigh.mp3* That’s fine, I guess…>
 Wh-Why does it seem so unhappy all of a sudden…?
 You what?! My Game Girl files are all disappearing! What do you think you’re doing?!
 <As I said, “Insufficient storage space”>
 Find some more room somewhere else! Please! Anything but my save files! I worked so hard to get that equipment…
 <Sorry, file deletion complete>
 Aaaaah! Noooooo!
 <…>
 <...>
 My Saaaves!
 <*screen turns on*>
 What now?
 <New data confirmed>
 <G.BIBLE.exe.>
 If we have it, we might as well make sure it’s the real deal!
 Exe go! Oh, There’s a pop-up…
 It wants a password?! Are you kidding me?!
 And if we do that…!
 We can do it! Yes! Ahaha!
 Watch out Millennium prize–no, all of the Kivotos game awards! Our new game will shake the Kivotos gaming industries to its core!
 Whoops…
 Eek! R-Run!
 Take it! Yuzu, protect Sensei! Aris and I will hold back the robots while you escape!
 I’m not going to lose now that we finally have the G.BIBLE!
 Game Development Department, here we go!
 *sob* Nooooo!
 *sniffle* All my saves…WAAAH!
 Huh? You’re killing me, MAKI!
 Oh?
 Th-This is all going way over my head…
 Great, then let’s crack this sucker op–wait! “Used to”?! You mean it’s not here anymore?!
 Yeah, yeah, that’s impressive and all, but what I wanna know is how you managed to lose this genius’ equipment!
 Ah. I was wondering why you wanted an in-person meeting. I think I know where this is going.
 It's like they say, birds of a feather flock together.
 What kind of problem?
 I see. They also got C&C, right? They’re a strike team from our school who wear maid outfits and “clean up” their targets…
 Right! It’s minor…Super minor…
 …
 Gah! It’s impossible! We have no choice but throw in the towel!
 Sure we need it, but are you serious right now? The Maid Club?! You've gotta be kidding me!
 We’d be better off standing in front of a moving train or throwing ourselves into a volcano than trying to fight them!
 Of course I don't want to get us shut down! But, come on! This is just crazy talk!
 C&C have gotten rid of countless extremist groups and armed factions. And you know what else?
 Exactly! The club is important, but I can’t put Midori and Aris at that kind of risk! It’s too dangerous!
 That’s basically the same thing!
 Don’t tell me…
 So we avoid direct combat, grab the Mirror, and run for our lives…
 You too, Midori?! Even without Neru, the Maid Club is still, uber scary!
 Midori…
 What do you mean? like leveling up or upgrading equipment?
 Aris…
 …
 All right.
 We’re doing this, We’re gonna break into the Student Council and take the Mirror.
 You’ve got a plan right, Hare?!
 By that you mean…?
 All right! Is everyone here?
 Awesome!
 So when is go time for the mission?
 C-Crap! They’re taking Aris away!
 Phew ! That’s a relief. If this hadn’t worked out, Aris would have gotten locked up for nothing.
 What’s the status of Hibiki and Utaha?
 Good.
 What about Maki and Kotori?
 B-But that means there’s a 98 percent chance of failure!
 …then phase two is a go.
 Here we go!
 [Millennium Main Control Room]
 *be-beep be-beep*
 Whoa…
 Arrrgh! This is nothing but terrible news! Where’s the good news?!
 Um. It should be around here.
 Huh?!
 Isn’t she the maid agent who specializes in assassination?
 Oh, right, didn’t Kotama say that the last time you weighed yourself, you were–
 …
 Hehehe.
 You don’t realize it yet, but you’re the ones who failed.
 People are coming and going through there all the time. They wouldn’t take the bait unless we did it just right.
 Splitting up the maids and trapping them in place is our best chance.
 …
 Oh, It's the elevator. Let’s go up for real this time.
 Here we go!
 *woooooeee*
 [Millennium Outer Hallway]
 The fingerprint recognition device is working just as it should be.
 All of the Student Council members have been isolated! Now, we’re the only ones who can move freely through the Student Council floor!
 It’s so well-made that the council had no idea it was actually designed by the Engineering Club. Anyway, Let’s get going
 *beep* Saiba Momoi, Saiba Midori, and Sensei. Acces granted.
 Right. Wasn’t it at the ruins? How nostalgic. It already feels like a lifetime ago.
 Anyway, It’s good that we were able to lock up Akane, but I wish we could get Asuna too. We still don’t know where she is, do we?
 Probably. I heard she ditched a mission once to get a parfait. She still got back on time and finished the mission, but still… Anyway, everything’s going according to plan!
 Eek! Student Council members?! There’s still some left?!
 I guess we have no choice.
 The last shutter is down. Now the only way to navigate the Student Council floor is with my fingerprint! Just a little bit farther until we reach the contraband storage and the Mirror…
 Huh?
 *kaboom*
 Aaaah!
 Wh-What WAS that?! That massive thing barely went over our heads! Look how big that hole in the wall is!
 Thank goodness we’re so tiny–not! What’s going on?!
 It’s coming again! Midori, get down!
 *bang*
 Ahhhhh!
 [Millennium Institute 3 Rooftop]
 It’s quieted down out there.
 Eeel W-Was that an earthquake?
 That blackout just now… Do you think it means Utaha and Hibiki succeeded?
 The Student Council’s contraband storage! Haha. We did it!
 Hmm?
 Oh, crap!
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 15 | A Spreading Danger
 [Millennium Main Control Room]
 Argh!
 *pant* I never expected we’d run into Asuna here.
 I guess we don’t have a choice.
 Th-Those shells are huge! D-Do you think…?
 Update from Hare! Karin is back up, and Utaha’s been captured!
 Maki has an update too! Akane has blasted through the shutters and escaped!
 Also, a group of giant robots is headed this way!
 Did we fail?
 Gah. Every time we get this point in the run through, the plan always falls apart.
 Getting everyone’s attention is easy enough.
 …then it’s game over. Nobody at the Millenium can go head-to-head with an opponent as prepared as the Maid Club.
 Even using Himari’s name to sow confusion can only get us so far. It’ll buy us some time, but we’ll probably still end up getting cornered.
 So by minute 2, we trap Akane and Asuna. By minute 5, Karin is isolated. At minute 11 we defeat the automata… We secure the Mirror at minute 13…
 What do you mean?
 M-Midori, what are you saying?
 No matter how vigilant they are, there’s no way they’ll be thinking about Aris when things are happening.
 Even if we get caught, and assuming they only put us on probation, we could still use the G.Bible to secretary create Tales Saga Chronicle 2 in the club room.
 Ugh. It’s Yuuka.
 W-Wait. What?!
 ugh…
 I thought we could make it work even if we got caught, but…
 But if we’re caught…it’s over! Even if we had the Mirror, Aris and Yuzu can’t make the game alone.
 So we have no choice. We have to get through this no matter what!
 Huh?!
 Ugh…
 Is this…really how it ends…?
 I’m sorry, Sensei. You tried so hard for us, but we ruined it! Our best wasn’t enough!
 Thanks, Sensei. but…it’s already over.
 Millennium’s strongest forces, C&C and the Student Council, have us in a pincer.
 How are we supposed to have hope in a situation like this?!
 Target confirmed.
 *vrrrrrrr*
 MP charge… 100%
 D-Do you hear that?
 What are you doing here?!
 If we've gotten caught, it’d all be over anyway.
 All right, Game Development Department, move out!
 *huff puff* Did we make it?!
 Sensei? Midori? Aris? Is everyone okay?
 Thank goodness… So this is the contraband storage room? it’s a mess.
 Anyway. Yuuka probably thought Aris would take the Mirror and run to the GAme Development Department. Heh heh. She probably has no idea we’d come here ourselves.
 We just need the Mirror, and Veritas can handle the rest.
 Heehee. This is so exciting. Let’s go back…
 Huh?
 If it’s only one person, we can ignore them or break through quickly. What should we do if Yuuka and the Maid Club come back?
 Huh? What’s that supposed to mean?
 N-No way!
 (N-N-Neru?!)
 *gasp*
 (Th-The suspense is killing me!)
 (S-Sensei! What should we do?!)
 *gasp*
 Yuzuuu!
 We’ll have to save the party for later. If Neru comes back, we’re all dead meat!
 We’ll make it back, no matter what!
 …
 Haha. AHAHAHA! It’s over! We’re finished!
 …
 That’s ridiculous!
 I wish it had lied! I wouldn’t be mad if it had!
 Gaaah! We’re totally screwed! The club’s as good as gone!
 Oh! It’s finally ready!
 Huh? You returned the mirror?
 Key? But I though you already unlocked it?
 Unfortunately, we don’t know either/
 You’ll have to schedule an appointment through my secretary next time we get together! ‘Cause we’re fonna make it big with TSC2!
 Aris! Yuzu! Midori! Everyone, gather round!
 It’s time to look at the G.BIBLE. No one knows what’s in here. A famous developer believed to have read the G.BIBLE once said.
 
 “The true secret of hame development is a miracle everyone thought they knew, but, infact, no one truly understood the meaning of.”
 I want to know the truth so we can…
 It’s our only chance of being able to stay here together.
 If we fail, Yuzu has to go back to the dorm with people she doesn’t like, and Aris…
 Ah!
 That’s not gonna happen! We’re definitely gonna make the best game ever!
 Aris, soon you’ll be asking people “Have you played TSC 2? It’s a masterpiece”
 And so to get there…
 All right, Aris. Hit it!
 I-It’s working!
 <”What makes a game ‘the best’?”>
 <There’s innumerable answer to such a question.>
 <Quality, popularity, vivid storytelling, impact, innovative direction…>
 <Are all aspects in the best of games.>
 <However, they are mere byproducts derived from the greater truth.>
 <There is a single secret behind all the best games…>
 <...and G.BIBLE was made to hold said secret.>
 F-Finally!
 Wow, what an inspiring opener…
 H-Hang on!
 L-Let’s try the settings button…
 <LOVE VIDEO GAME.>
 <(If you pressed this button, you must be thinking that the file is corrupt…
 …or that something else has gone wrong.)>
 Oh! I knew that couldn’t be everything–
 <However, that was everything you need to know.>
 Th-This can’t be happening! It has to be an error or something!
 That was it…?!
 Uh…
 DAMN IT!
 (Back in the present…)
 I…Just leave me alone, Aris. My HP is at zero…
 oh, the cabinet's shaking again. She must be inside.
 Ergh…
 How else are we supposed to feel! That was it! How could we have known that all we’d got is one stinking sentence everybody already knows! They got us hook, line, and sinker!
 I wasn’t expecting to hear the secret and magically have all our problems go away! But come on, help a girl out here!
 Aris…
 So the whole time, then!
 Are you UZ?
 Me too! I wanna make fun games just like you!
 (Ack!)
 …
 Then there’s still time.
 Game Development Department, assemble!
 Let’s begin development of Tales Saga Chronicle 2!
 Gimme a minute… I just need to enter this and I’ll be done…
 Okay! Okay! I’m done!
 All right! Beginning the upload! 15 seconds to delivery! Aris, the time?!
 Status: Sent…
 <Thank you for your submission and participation in the Millennium Prize.>
 We did it!
 We made it in time, but we won’t know our fate until the results come.
 In four days, it’ll be decided if we have to stay or go.
 So I have a proposal.
 Why don’t we try uploading an open web version of Tales Saga Chronicle 2 in the time we have left?
 ‘Cause who cares what the judge think. Don’t you want to know what regular-old players have to say about our game?
 Think about it this way. We did this for us, the Millennium Prize is just a bonus
 We did our best, and that's something to be proud of!
 Okay! I’m just going to upload it now!
 And…done! In two or three hours, the reviews will be rolling in. I’m going to take a break while we wait.
 Aris Why are you sitting in front of the computer?
 Agh! I’m more worried than excited. And I’m the one who suggested we do this!
 *ding*
 Wh-What?! Really?!
 Ah… It’s okay Aris. Don’t let it get to you.
 Hey, now we’re getting somewhere.
 *ding*
 W-Wow! People are actually excited to play our game!
 Whoa we already have over 2000 downloads. How’d that happen?
 Ahhh! I was just hoping people wouldn't be apathetic, but now I’m scared!
 I can’t tell if I’m scared or excited!
 *BOOM*
 Huh?!
 What?! No, that wasn’t me!
 It was getting pretty old…
 W-Was our last game really THAT bad?!
 Don’t Aris! We have Sensei here.
 And if we fight here, the club room will be destroyed!
 Eek!
 Yuzu and I will take the lead. you know what that means, right, Aris?
 All right. Let’s move out!
 <<Battle>>
 [Millennium Old Building Hallway]
 …*pant*...*pant*
 Phew, we just barely escaped!
 W-We’re so dead!
 ...
 What do you mean?
 That was amazing, Aris.
 Aris!
 The floor completely collapsed… There you are Aris!
 Aris! Aris! Check it out!
 Tada! It’s a maid costume!
 Hehe! This is so fun!
 Wow! Really?! I thought we’d be getting expelled or something.
 You know the drill, right? If we take home the gold, we party like there’s no tomorrow. But if we lose…
 That's not good…
 Heehee.
 It’s okay, our game doesn’t belong in seventh anyway.
 They should’ve called our name by now…
 N-No way… They… didn’t call our name?
 That means…
 A-Aris!
 Ahhh! this anticipation’s too much!
 What does it matter? We’re going to lose everything!
 Ahhhhh! It’s all over!
 Yuzu  *sigh*
 So this is it?
 I’ve got it! There’s no need to get all depressed!
 The reviews we got weren't too bad. We’ve come a long way from being the legendary losers of the Worst Game Of the Year award.
 We’re just going to keep getting better.
 Even if we get kicked out, we can gather more club members and make something even better! When we reopen, We’ll have an even bigger and better club room!
 *sniffle*
 No!
 You can’t take her, Sensei!
 Sh-She can stay in our room! We’ll share the bed! I’ll split my meals with her!
 Ack! Yuuka’s already here?!
 That’s just too cruel! How can the Student Council be so heartl—
 …What are you talking about?
 yeah…
 Midori  We didn’t even make it to seventh place…
 S-Seriously?!
 *gasp*
 But, wait! DO we get to keep our club room?!
 Huh?
 We…
 WE DID IT!
 Of course!
 We really did it!
