 …
 I see. Thank you for explaining, Hifumi.
 If what that teacher says is true, then this is something we can’t overlook.
 We’re currently in the process of forming a treaty, so we’re in no position to be reckless.
 However, it’s evident the PMC’s presence can lead to nothing good for our students.
 Therefore, I think it best what we make an exception in this case.
 I believe the towed artillery class has an outdoor lecture planned, correct? It’s been a while since their last one, so I don’t see any harm in a little live practice.
 The weather is so nice. It’ll be like a picnic.
 I say why not? It’s the least I can provide for a model student such as yourself, Hifumi.
 What goes around comes around. And I know you’ll pay me back, won’t you?
 More importantly, it would be to our benefit to have Schale’s sensei in our debt.
 *rattle* *rattle*
 Hello, [NAME] Sensei. It’s good to meet you. I’m kirifuji Nagisa, the host of the Tea Party. And this is Misono Mika, a member of the Tea Party like myself. Trinity’s Tea Party hereby welcomes the sensei of Schale.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 03- Tea Party
 This is an immediate continuation of the last episode.
 I don’t believe it’s polite to comment on such things in front of Sensei, Mika. There’s no shame in affection, but there’s a proper time and place for it.
 …
 … *sigh* That wasn’t my intentions, Mika.
 …We brought you here because we have a small favor to ask.
 …
 You’re more than welcome to uphold those values when you’re the host, Mika. I am the host at the moment, so you will be following my lead.
 …Forgive me. It’s unsightly of us to quarrel in front of a guest. Why don’t we change the subject as Mika suggested?
 Sensei “You all act as Trinity’s Student Council Presidents, right?”
 …ignoring that, yes, you are correct, Sensei. We are the Student Council presidents of Trinity. You might be wondering why there are multiple presidents. It’s a tradition of Trinity’s Student Council to have multiple presidents serve simultaneously.
 Before Trinity was unified, the representatives of each branch academy would hold tea parties to resolve any disputes…
 The representatives of the Pater, Fillius, and Sanctus academies came together to hold tea parties meant to create an atmosphere of reconciliation, and since then…
 …the student Council of Trinity has been called the Tea Party, and the representatives of each faction host-Will you shut up?!
 I’m in the middle of something! Can you not keep your mouth shut?! Mika! On and on and on! If you don’t shut that little yapper of yours…I’ll stuff it shut for you with a cake roll!
 …
 …Pardon me. I don’t know what came over me. *exhale* My apologies, Mika. Sensei.
 What we’re requesting of you is rather simple, Sensei.
 Very important. Could you take charge of the Make-Up Work Club?
 Yes. To put it plainly, we want you to operate a special class meant to save failing students. Trinity is an academic institution with a long history of intellectual and martial excellence. But somehow, this proud institution has no less than four failing students.
 I wouldn’t go quite that far, Mika…
 Yes, but I’ve heard Sensei here isn’t quite someone I’d consult with about my direction in life…
 The Make-Up Work Club will be a special club intended to give failing students the help they need. Given it’s being made under the current restrictions, Schales extrajudicial authority will be necessary to have it established. It’s a necessary expenditure if it’s to help failing students. What do you say, Sensei? Surely you wouldn’t turn away students in need…
 …Very well. I didn’t necessarily expect you to decline our request, but…Never mind. Just take a look at this document.
 These are the students.
 You could put it more tactfully than that, Mika. We’ll put it this way: These are the students in need of Trinity’s love.
 We’ll send you some documents with all the details. Do you have any other questions?
 …
 It is quite a long story, so we’ll set aside some time for that at a later date. The information is classified after all. Regardless, it doesn’t concern your work with the Make-Up Work Club.
 Well, yes, but…
 Correct. Seia is supposed to be the one hosting this party, but…since she’s absent, I’m hosting in her place.
 Splendid. You can officially work for Trinity once preparations are complete. Once again, we appreciate your assistance. This will be a great help to us.
 It’s actually unusual for every Tea Party host to be gathered in one place.
 I feel the same way, Mika.
 We’ll be counting on you, Sensei. I will be escorting you from this point forward as the host of the Tea Party.
 That’s where the matter stands. Will you help Sensei lead the Make-Up Work Club, Hifumi?
 Yes. This is a responsibility that only an honor student such as yourself can handle.
 Haha. I’ve always found you to be rather compassionate. Besides, isn't it time you repaid your debt to me?
 Haha. I take that to mean that you agree. I’m counting on you, my Make-Up Work Club President.
 We return to Hifumi and Sensei into the classroom
 Welcome, Sensei. How good of you to join me. How are you and the Make-Up Work Club faring? …Yes, I heard the news. It sounds like the first exam didn’t go so well. There are still two exams left, however. Oh…this? I was playing a game of chess. It’s a hobby of mine.
 Is something wrong? Aside from the pawns, the black side has only a king and queen, whereas the white has three or four of each of kings, rooks, bishops, and knights. I’m sure this game must look strange to you.
 Yes, it’s just me at the moment. Mika isn’t here to cause her usual distractions. I’ve been waiting here by myself to speak with you. Though it would seem there’s something you would like to ask first.
 …So you heard about that. Hifumi must have told you. She’s soft-hearted when it comes to such things, though that is one of her commendable qualities. Nothing out of the ordinary would happen. There is only one course that can be taken after repeated academic failure: Everyone in the Make-Up Work Club will be expelled.
 It’s only natural that Trinity have regulations regarding failure, suspension, and expulsion. The steps in doing so are long and arduous. Unlike Gehenna, Trinity follows procedure. The Make-Up Work Club, however, was created using a loophole that gets around those rules. It was thanks to Schale’s authority that it was established. After all, the Make-Up Work Club’s true purpose…is to expel students.
 …Because among them is someone who would seek to betray Trinity.
 This traitor seeks to prevent the Eden Treaty from being signed. I suppose it’s time I explain the treaty so that you might understand the gravity of the situation.
 File envelopes are shown. At the top are the logos for the Tea Party and the Pandamonium Society, below them on another line is “Eden Treaty” TOP SECRET
 The Eden Treaty, simply put, is a non-aggression pact between Trinity and Gehenna. Its main purpose is to establish a neutral treaty organization composed of key figures from both Gehenna and Trinity. This organization, named the Eden Treaty Organization, will automatically intervene and resolve any conflict that breaks out between Trinity and Gehenna. This will prevent all-out war between the two academies- for if one flounders, then both will sink together.
 The scene returns back to Trinity Terrace
 Sensei. The lasting hostility between Trinity and Gehenna has been a great burden to both parties.  The Eden Treaty is the only way to put an end to the needless hostility and keep the balance of power in Kivotos. This solution was suggested by the General Student Council president. It had fallen by the wayside once she went missing, but I’ve been able to restore its momentum. And now, just as we’re preparing to finally sign the treaty, we receive intelligence that there are people planning to sabotage it. That said, we don’t know who she is. That’s why our next best option was to gather every suspect in one place. But rest assured: She is among them. We would have had to dispose of the entire apple cart to rid ourselves of the one rotten one. Fortunately, Sensei, that’s why we chose you to tend to that apple cart- to advise the Make-Up Work Club…My apologies. I realize I’ve put you in the middle of quite the predicament. You have every right to resent me.
 You are correct. It’s good that you’re quickon the uptake. Sensei. I would like for you to suss out the traitor hiding among the Make-Up Work Club.
 They are already deceiving you and Trinity as we speak. She is a terrorist, and terorrist dfo not swish for peace. They think that they can risk the safety of Kivotos for their own personal gain. Finding the traitor is for the sake of Kivotos’ peace and safety. Surely that’s something you can sympathize with as a representative of Schale.
 Will you now? Though do remember the apple art. If you can’t spot the rotten one, we could always tip it over and dispose of all of them. There are many ways to alter exam results. For example, the contents, location, or difficulty of an exam could suddenly be changed at the last minute. Of course, it would be a shame if such a thing happened, but then again…Pardon me, Sensei. I’ll continue to leave the Make-Up Work Club under your care. I’d love to say that you personally won’t be exposed to any unpleasantries because of this…
 Right. I make no promises. But knowing you-someone who couldn’t bear to leave a student behind-I can hardly predict how things will ultimately turn out. I only hope that the end of this story will be a happy one. Oh, but there is one thing I want to make clear. We didn’t interfere with the first exam in any way. I promise you that.
 If you insist on doing things your way, then I hope it will be something that benefits Trinity. Well, then. Until next time.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 Episode 10- Boot Camp, Here We Come!
 We start inside of a dorm room populated by some beds.
 After all, the Make-Up Work Club’s true purpose…is to expel students.
 Hifumi, please find the traitor.
 The results of the exams don’t matter. Expulsion after the third exam is a last resort, so to speak. Your mission is to collect as much information about the suspects as you can and find the traitor as quickly as possible. This is why you were placed in the Make-Up Work Club.
 Why were you selected? Because of your existing relationship with Schale. The traitor won’t be able to do as they wish with Sensei present. Sensei is my insurance, my trash bin lid-seeing to it that the trash inside your club won’t escape so easily.
 Pay it no mind. Moving on…
 Hifumi. There’s no other option. Don ‘t forget that you’re a failing student as well. I’m sure you understand what will happen to you if you were to fail this mission, yes?
 Hifumi.
 I asked you here to issue a formal apology, Hifumi.
 I’m sorry for doubting you.
 I could hardly blame you for grabbing a cup of tea and pouring it over my head right now, considering everything I’ve put you through.
 To think I had you pegged as the leader of a masked criminal organization. That couldn’t possibly be true. I don’t know why I thought such nonsense.
 I completely understand if you choose not to forgive me. In fact, I don’t expect you to.
 …
 I don’t think I could ever be as forgiving. You’re such an interesting girl, Hifumi.
 (“Funny,” hmm?)
 *cough*! *cough* *cough*!
 *cough* I’m f-fine. A little bit of tea slipped down the wrong pipe, that’s all.
 Hello, Mika. How have you been? Staying comfortable?
 Agreed. I never saw it coming.
 …
 …
 Postmortem Pt.2 - END
 [Episode 3] Postmortem Pt.3
 “Mika and Nagisa have a discussion but ultimately fail to understand one another. Hanako tries to understand Mika’s motivations as well. but Mika rejects her.”
 *The scene starts on a confinement at Trinity with Mika and Nagisa coming for visit*
 Please. You know that we’re inseparable, whether we like it or not.
 …
 …
 It’s about Arius’ Squad.
 Yes, I’m aware.
 Those were the former Council’s methods, not the Sisterhood’s. Something so inhumane would never be tolerated in today’s day and age.
 …
 Yes, that’s been taken into consideration already. Arius shouldn’t be a threat as far as the Eden Treaty is Concerned.
 Normally I could, but…
 …
 …
 …
 *Scene fades to black*
 No, it’s not.
 What do you have to be happy about, Mika? You’re the traitor.
 You tried to destroy my halo.
 *Scene returns to normal*
 And for what? Because you hate Gehenna? You were willing to kill a friend you’ve known for the most of your life over something as petty as that?
 And Seia too. Why?
 I was terrified when word of Seia’s supposed death reached me…
 I couldn’t help but think I was next.
 She’s the wisest of us and even has prophetic dreams that she’s used to her advantage. No one at Trinity is more dangerous than her. That’s why she was targeted first.
 And given your…political prowess, I assumed I was next.
 Anyway, I knew everything would fall on your shoulders if something were to happen to me, and I couldn’t let that happen.
 I was desperate to find the culprit before it came to that. I didn’t want you to be left alone. I didn’t want you to be hurt either.
 But who could be behind it? Gehenna? The General Student Council? Or that delicate flower from Millenium? Perhaps the tyrant from Red Winter? Or maybe the dark monarch of Shanhaijing…
 Or was there a traitor in our midst? It seemed unthinkable, but then again…
 *Scene fades to black*
 And then I… I…
 Is that really all there is to it? There wasn’t some kind of mistake or misunderstanding or subconscious belief that you couldn’t control or…?
 And that’s why you formed an alliance with Arius?
 But how…?
 …
 I’ll be leaving now, Mika.
 I don’t understand, Mika. What are you intentions for wanting to reconcile with Arius?
 …
 I swear. Have you considered how they would respond at all? Not to mention that no one knows where Arius’ district is in present day.
 I thought my halo was going to shatter, but now I’m thankful I’m alive.
 Thank you… but was that the only reason you came to see me?
 What does it say?
 …
 Please see to it that she’s only fed cake rolls from now on.
 Mika…
 Yes, but…
 S-Seia…?
 …
 S-Settle down, you two…
 Fading to a classroom.
 I've been waiting for you. It's been a while, Sensei.
 How have you been? Is boot camp going smoothly? Anything troubling you?
 ...You know, I organized the boot camp to give you an opportunity to observe the students more closely.
 Was it fruitful? Have you learned anything?
 More specifically, do you have a leading suspect?
 I recall. I simply wanted to check in with you now that the second exam is upon us.
 That's why I asked you here.
 Black screen
 As I understand it, you've had contact with Mika recently as well…
 What did she have to say? Won't you tell me?
 <<To be Continued>>
 09 - A Shadowy Reach
 Sensei refuses to place doubt on anyone or do anything to root out the traitor. Sensei declines Nagisa's request and declares their intention to block Nagisa's flurry of doubt and ensure that the entire Make-Up Work Club passes.
 …?
 …
 Perhaps I should make clear why I chose each of those girls.
 Though I'm sure you've already been told some version of this...here's the truth.
 First, Koharu was selected to monitor Hasumi.
 Hasumi hates Gehenna more than anyone. She's a ticking bomb, and no one knows what she might do.
 Hanako was an outstanding student that began tanking her grades for unknown reasons. Suspicious.
 Azusa is shady in her own right. She has a growing rap sheet full of armed conflict with other students.
 As for Hifumi…
 You're right—I did. Compassion like hers is rare.
 I've always been very fond of Hifumi, that much is true…
 ...but we have intelligence that links her with a terrifying criminal organization.
 That's what I fear most: being blinded by trusting someone too dearly. It's a fatal flaw.
 Even the most meticulously built tower can collapse from a single fault.
 How well do I truly know Hifumi? Is there another side to her I've never seen? I don't know the answer…
 And you know that how? Are you willing to vouch for her?
 Can you prove Hifumi's innocence? That she's always been sincere?
 Your claims mean nothing without concrete proof.
 It's impossible to prove the sincerity of another's heart.
 I know full well how compassionate, polite, and kind Hifumi can be...but I'll never be able to prod around and know what's truly in her heart.
 In the end, we're all strangers.
 That's why they each must be expelled for the sake of the Eden Treaty.
 …?
 Me? Cynical?
 …
 Haha. Very well.
 This simplifies things.
 The best of luck to you, Sensei.
 I'll just have to take matters into my own hands.
 So you've managed to arrive in one piece.
 My, my. I can hear such resentment in your voices... Just kidding. This is a recording, so shouting at me will get you nowhere.
 You have until the deadline to complete your exams, and then you can return.
 Don't forget: I'll have my eye on you in the meantime. Best of luck, Make-Up Work Club.
 Do be careful.
 <*beep*>
 *sigh*
 Knocking
 No. I've had my fill of tea.
 Door creaks open
 Huh?
 Black screen
 …?!
 Hanako appears
 U-Urawa Hanako?! What are you doing here?
 …?!
 Wh-What is the meaning of this?!
 Gun cocks
 …!
 Both Urawa Hanako and Shirasu Azusa. It couldn't be…
 To think there wasn't just one traitor, but two.
 …!
 Who?! I demand to know who it is!
 …
 Well....
 …
 …
 I recognize what I put Hifumi through wasn't right, even ifI had the greater good in mind.
 Part of me hoped we could still be friends when all of this was over...but I have no regrets.
 What? Then the one leading you is...?
 Black screen and gunfire
 It’s been quite some time. Thank you for coming, Sensei.
 …
 That’s enough chit-chat. I’m sure Sensei is busy.
 Sensei, I invited you here to update you on the situation at Trinity since the Eden Treaty incident and discuss our next steps. However…
 For reasons somewhat incomprehensible to me, the leaders of the Sisterhood and the Remedial Knights demanded a seat at the table. So, here we are.
 …
 …
 …
 …
 …
 …
 What a clear, thorough explanation, Captain Mine. You truly never change.
 …
 I’ll begin. At the core of this incident is the Arius Satellite School.
 We have confirmed that the perpetrator of the Eden Treaty incident was indeed Arius.
 They coordinated their infiltrations by apparently deceiving Chair Makoto and Mika.
 In fact, Chair Makoto goes so far as to claim she’s Trinity’s victim, seeing as Arius is a faction of Trinity.
 She was mumbling some nonsense about billing us for her hairdressing expenses, but I believe that can be ignored.
 According to Seia, by invoking the Eden Treaty contract, they obtain an overwhelming military force.
 We don’t have a grain of evidence. Only educated guesses.
 …
 Oh, dear…
 Nothing came of it, unfortunately. Its materials and technology are foreign to us. Wherever it came from, it wasn’t Kivotos.
 We’ve been unable to discover anything.
 We can’t even locate the Arius district, let alone gather intel.
 Besides, those tunnels are a maze. It’d be an impossible mission to find them down there.
 Seia believes the district could be protected by some incomprehensible force.
 She doesn't see how else they could be so undetectable.
 Azusa, who defected from Arius, said she was given a map of the catacombs with a marked exit route for her missions.
 !
 But she was provided different route every time, so she doesn’t know a way back to the Arius district.
 Wh-What?
 Y-You misunderstand! She volunteered the information.
 Excuse me?!
 …
 It’s not that I don’t understand.
 Hanako, Koharu, Azusa, and…Hifumi.
 Each member of the Make-Up Work Club is shouldering much more than they were ever meant to.
 Their burdens are a result of my actions.
 I’m not completely shameless. I know what I did.
 I’ve done my utmost to keep them out of the spotlight as we clean up this mess.
 I’d like to protect them from experiencing something like that again. After all, this is our responsibility.
 …Thank you, Sensei.
 Change scene
 We haven’t been able to locate Squad. They’ve likely fled the district.
 You can? Who could possibly…
 What!?
 Fade back to scene
 Mika said she didn’t know the Arius District’s location.
 …
 But, Mika is…
 Mika wouldn’t lie about this. What would her motive be?
 …
 If she’s hiding something…
 No. I trust Mika.
 I can’t reasonably argue she’s been a model student.
 But I understand what it means to believe in someone now!
 I’ll convince everyone else to trust Mika as well! I’ll defend her at the hearing tomorrow…
 …Against anyone who accuses her! I’ll fight the entire academy if needed!
 Consequences be damned!
 *sigh*
 Please don’t worry. But I think that about wraps up.
 Thank you both for your attendance today. Truly.
 I apologize I can’t escort you. Safe travels.
 Sakurako and Mine leave
 *sigh*
 Urgh. My stomach hurts.
 Thank you, Sensei. You keep seeing sides of me I don’t mean to show.
 Oh, yes. I suppose you wouldn’t know.
 Mika’s hearing will be held tomorrow morning.
 Well, it’s more so…a dispensing of disciplinary action, overseen by an advisory committee of sorts.
 They’ll present and discuss Mika’s crimes and injustices, especially in relation to the Eden Treaty.
 …
 Black screen
 …Sensei.
 Fade back
 Mika is going to be expelled.
 <<To be Continued>>
 03 - Jailed Princess
 Since the Eden Treaty incident, the situation at the Trinity Academy is…precarious at best.
 The public’s opinion of Mika is steadily declining.
 She’s already been expelled by her supporters in the Pater faction, and it was confirmed that she’ll be dismissed from the Tea Party at the hearing tomorrow.
 People are convinced Mika is the main culprit in colluding with the Arius Academy to bring about the Eden Treaty incident.
 There have been riots demanding her dismissal, not to mention stones and even bombs being thrown through her prison window.
 The academy bulletin board was flooded with criticisms about Mika… They’ve utterly vandalized her room in anger.
 Her clothes and accessories were burned, and her belongings pifered. THe perpetrators haven’t been caught.
 …Yes. The Justice Task Force is doing their best, but we can only do so much against this mob mentality.
 Mika has become public enemy number one in Trinity.
 The student body may think all of this is the price Mika must pay, but…
 The punishment doesn’t fit the crime. I want to help her.
 I thought you would say that.
 But I don’t think Mika is willing to defend herself.
 She refuses to even attend the hearing. If she isn’t present… Well, it’ll be an automatic expulsion.
 I wish there was something I could do to convince her, but…
 If Seia were able to be here, I’m sure she could do something…
 …
 So, I have a favor to ask of you.
 Thank you, Sensei. I think she’ll listen to you.
 She won’t admit it, but she’s been waiting for your visit.
 *sigh*
 That’s at least a little of my plate, even if nothing’s been resolved yet.
 Me? Oh, yes…
 Somehow, I always will be.
 Heehee. I can always count on you to worry about me. Thank you.
 Anyway… Good luck, Sensei.
 Fade to black
 I said goodbye to Nagisa and went to go see Mika.
 Sensei! Mika! Thank goodness you're unharmed.
 You're certainly not. You are currently standing in the command center of the Arius reclamation operation.
 I beg of you to help me. Please save Mika.
 I don't know how to feel about that statement.
 …?
 Mika…
 Mika…
 …
 But for now, I believe we all have a hearing to attend.
 …
 Yes, and then all three of us will go to the hearing together. Although, we all look a bit of a mess.
 Yes, of course. All of us promised Mika we would attend, didn't we?
 <<To be Continued>>
 27 - Epilogue
 As the Arius Squad is escaping the Arius district, they realize that Saori has suddenly disappeared. The remaining three resolve to continue moving forward. Meanwhile, Mika's hearing finally begins.
 …
