 …
 Hmm. This place is a pit.
 Heh?
 That whispering I’m hearin’?
 Let’s see…
 Under the desk. maybe?
 *clomp*
 *clomp*
 Heh?
 And you are…?
 Huh? We’ve had those bots for a while, yeah? Shouldn’t they be set up already?
 *sigh* Guess I gotta do everything around here.
 Not that it’s really any of my business…
 …but you should remember the most important thing in a fight isn’ weapons or experience.
 It’s guts kid.
 And you already got that in spades, I reckon.
 Not just anyone can waltz up and ask ME a favor in a situation like this.
 See ya around kid.
 …
 So let me get this straight…
 All this was done by some club I’ve never heard of, “the Game Development Department.”
 And that bunch of shrimps pulled one over all of ya. That’s right?
 None of that crap matters at all.
 When I got there, Rio called me.
 The one and only.
 She said the request is being withdrawn.
 Hmm. All I can think of is that Rio or Himari wanted to test somethin’.
 Nah.
 Bet they wanted to know what that ARis girl was capable of.
 All right, then.
 This has nothin’ to do with the request, but, Akane…
 …I want you to look into this.
 The Game Development Department.
 I’m not usually interested in dirty work like this, but we might as well take care of it.
 Once the investigation is wrapped here. I've got a house call in store for those twerps
 …
 Ah.
 I figured that’d work.
 So the one that led these little chicks to attack the contraband storage…
 …was you, right?
 Should I call you “Sensei,” too?
 I guess Akane’s investigation was no joke, after all.
 What?! I’m a third year! Call me “little” again, and I’ll cave your face in!
 Grr…*sigh*
 I was THIS close to losin’ it, but I’m good. Anyway, you over there with that huge weapon…
 Yeah, you!
 You’re not like the others.
 You shot straight at C&C!
 I’ve got something you need to hear.
 The hell are you talking about?! And who the hell are you callin’ small>! You canna die, you…!
 *sigh*
 You guys are going to make me lose it. Let’s cut to the chase…
 I’m not here to get revenge for you guys attacking us.
 Yeah, I’m a little bit pissed, but you guys beat us fair and square.
 So I’m willing to look past it. However…you’ve caught my attention.
 There’s just something’ I need to see for myself.
 So, let’s fight.
 If you win, I leave, and that’s the end of it.
 This is way better than doing some investigation or somethin’, Don’tcha think?
 You’ve got some fire in your eyes, I like that.
 That’s…!
 Sure that attack was pretty special…
 But is that all you’ve got?
 Too slow.
 Sure, your weapon is strong, but the time between trigger pull and impact with the target is too long.
 And thanks to that gap, your weapon is useless at a certain range.
 Because you’ll be cough in the blast yourself
 And I'll tell ya how many people in Kivotos can beat me at close range.
 None.
 What a let down. I can’t believe you managed to trounce my maids.
 Crap!
 Heh. Not a bad idea in a close-up fight.
 But I've still got an upper hand at this distance.
 Even if you can fire, you won’t be able to aim at me.
 I told you there’s no point… Huh?
 Th-The hell?! You’re firing? But at this distance…!
 You are even aiming at me! You’ll hit the floor!
 Are you insane? Don't you know you’ll be caught in the blast too?!
 Who are you calling “little”?!
 Whose side are you guys on, anyway?!
 …
 …
 Ugh…
 It’s fine. There’s no need to pursue. Let’s pull out.
 I feel a lot better after destroying some stuff, anyway.
 Well, mission accomplished, I guess. Heh. I get it now why Rio is so interested in the Game Development Department.
 And that person with them…
 W-Wai! It’s not like that!
 SHUT UP! One more word out of you, and these barrels will be pointed right at your face.
 Hmph…
 (Sensei…and the Game Development Department.)
 (Hmm.)
 (They better watch themselves. I’ll make ‘em pay for calling me little))
 Anyway, I’m starving. Let’s go get some ramen.
 I said shut up!
 <<To be continued>>
 Episode 20 | The Millennium Prize
 [Millennium Game Development Department]
