 My name is Nanakami Rin, and I’m a General Student Council officer from Kivotos, the Academy City.
 And you’re a teacher that we have summoned here…or so it would seem.
 Pardon my uncertainty, but I only say that because I still don’t fully understand how you got here.
 …
 I understand that this must be very confusing to you.
 My apologies. However, I would like you to follow me for now.
 There’s something I require your help with.
 …
 Let’s just say that it’s a grave matter that could determine the very fate of the Academy City.
 Welcome to Kivotos, Sensei.
 Kivotos is a massive city, home to thousands of different academies. This is where you’ll be working from now on.
 It’s bound to be very different from the place you call home. You might find it difficult to fit in at first…
 …but something tells me that you will adjust in due time.
 After all, you were chosen by the General Student Council president.
 We can leave the rest of the details for later.
 *ding*
 [Reception room]
 *mumbling*
 Well… This timing is rather inconvenient.
 Hello guest that represent neighboring academies’ student councils, disciplinary boards, and those who otherwise have too much time on their hands.
 I am well away why you irksome–I mean, important representatives have come here today.
 You’re here to blame us for the fuss happening in the Academy City. Isn’t that right?
 …
 …
 The president is not here at the moment. To be frank, she’s gone missing.
 Allow me to cut to the chase. The General Student Council has no authority because the top administrator of Sanctum Tower has gone missing.
 We had been searching for a way to bypass the need for verification, all to no avail…until recently.
 That is correct.
 Sensei here is the answer to our problems.
 This is [NAME] Sensei. Not only are they going to be teaching in Kivotos, but they’ve also been personally selected by the General Student Council president.
 Don’t worry about that annoying girl. Let’s just move on…
 You’re here to serve as the adviser for a club that was formed by the General Student Council president.
 The Federal Investigation Club: Schale.
 This isn’t your average club–more like a type of extrajudicial organization, Since it’s a federal club, you’ll be allowed to register students from any of the academies in Kivotos.
 You’re permitted to conduct battle activities in each academy district without restriction.
 How the president was able to create an organization with this much power, I have no idea.
 The Schale club room is about 30 kilometers from here. The building is currently empty, but we had to put something in the basement at the president’s request.
 It’s my job to take you there.
 Momoka. I need a helicopter to take us to the Schale room.
 What do you mean “crazy”?
 What?
 …
 …
 *snaps*
 I’m fine… It’s just a minor setback. No problem at all.
 *staring*
 It’s so reassuring to have you trustworthy academy representatives here with us.
 We are going to need your help to bring peace back to Kivotos. Let’s go.
 I think I finally figured out who’s responsible for this riot.
 Her name is Wakamo. She’s a fugitive that escaped the Corrections Bureau after being suspended from the Allied Hyakkiyako Academy.
 She’s a repeat offender, so I’d advise that you don’t let your guards down.
 Fade to black
 We’ve successfully reclaimed the Schale club room, I’ll be arriving shortly. Let’s meet in the basement of the building.
 [Basement of the Schale Building]
 Sorry to keep you waiting. I’m here now.
 Hmm? Did I miss something?
 If you insist. Well, here is what the General Student Council left behind.
 *shuffle*
 Thankfully, there isn’t a scratch on it.
 Please. Take it.
 Yes. This is what the General Student Council president left for you. The Shittim Chest.
 That name sounds familiar…
 It may seem like a normal tablet, but its origins are a mystery. Its manufacturer, OS, system structure, and components are completely unknown.
 The General Student Council president left the Shittim Chest to you. She said that you’ll be able to take control of the tower with it.
 None of the other members know how to activate it. Perhaps you may be able to figure it out, Sensei, but if not…
 …
 My job here is done. I shall let you take the lead.
 I’ll step away so as not to interfere.
 …
 Activate the Shittim Chest.
 Fade to black
 <<End of Chapter>>
 2-3
 After activating the Shittim Chest, Sensei meets secretary Arona and regains control of Sanctum Tower. Rin then presents the Schale club room, and Sensei puts the first mission of the Schale Federal Investigation Club into action.
 …
 Connecting to the Shittim Chest…
 Please enter the system password.
 Good. Understood.
 *click* Control of Sanctum Tower was just confirmed.
 This will allow us to manage the city as well as we could before the president’s disappearance.
 Well done, Sensei. I want to thank you on behalf of the entire General Student Council for preventing Kivotos from falling into utter chaos.
 You needn’t worry about the suspended students and thugs that attacked us before. They will be tracked down and punished before long.
 My duty was only to see that you received and activated the Shittim Chest, so my job here is done…
 …but there is one more thing we should do for good measure.
 Could you follow me? I’d like to properly introduce you to the Federal Investigation Club: Schale.
 This is Schale’s main lobby.
 It's been empty for a long time, but now it finally has an owner.
 *opens door*
 And you can consider this to be the Schale club room.
 This is where you’ll be working starting now.
 Schale may have authority, but it has no particular goals at the moment. But even though you don't have a specific job to do…
 …you can freely enter any of the academy districts in Kivotos. From there, you can register any of the students you find as club members, among other things.
 Fascinating, isn't it? It may be an investigation club, but the president never specified what it would be investigating or what its purpose is.
 In that sense, you have quite a lot of freedom, don’t you?
 …
 As much as I wish to ask the president for further details, the fact of the matter is she remains missing.
 We’re using everything at our disposal to look for her, but that leaves us short-handed at dealing with the other problems around Kivotos.
 The General Student Council is being flooded with civil complaints as we speak. Requests for support materials, environmental aid, make-up work for failing students, requests to save clubs, and so on…
 Perhaps Schale can be the one to look into these requests. Since it looks like you have plenty of time now…
 I put all the documents on your desk. Please review them while you have time.
 We’ll be counting on you.
 And the best of luck with your new position, Sensei. Let me know if you need anything.
 Time passes too quickly, Sensei. This is Nanakami Rin.
 What…did you just call me?
 Refrain from doing that again.
 Moving on.
 I am contacting you with urgent news.
 You’ve been absent from Schale for quite some time.
 To your credit, reports state you have been crucial in resolving conflicts throughout Kivotos.
 The General Student Council has benefited from your actions, and gratitude is in order.
 However, my issues lies within Schale activities.
 In regard to your reports, as well as the General Student Council’s guidelines…
 …
 Actually, perhaps such conversations are better in person.
 Sensei, from what I recall your schedule is open today?
 Let us discuss over some tea.
 Please meet me at the General Student Council reception room.
 Rin hangs up
 Welcome, Sensei. Thank you for taking the time to meet with me.
 Huh? What do you mean by treats?
 …You look rather disappointed.
 Please have a seat while I get some tea.
 Time is a luxury, so let us begin
 As I said on the phone, I wanted to discuss my concerns regarding your handling of some Schale activities.
 It’s not that I don’t appreciate all that you have done since you’ve arrived. Students across Kivotos sing your praises.
 However, the issue lies in what happens after the conflict is over.
 I would like you to take a look at these post-operation reports you submitted.
 give
 This expense report!
 The billing statement is not only handwritten but in Arabic numerals.
 Very much so.
 Any money amounts written on official documents must be written in Chinese to prevent forgery or other mishaps.
 And if you would observe here, the seal is stamped three centimeters away from the indicated blank.
 If you fail to follow official procedure and formatting in your reports, we in turn cannot help you with resolving them.
 So now that you’re here, please revise all of these reports before you leave.
 It is not. You must resolve your business first, [NAME] Sensei.
 /
 I cannot. This business is your own making, [NAME] Sensei.
 If you had followed proper procedure from the beginning, we wouldn’t be here right now.
 Also, would you care to explain the informal tone of this report?
 While these are confidential documents, they must still be written with the pomp and circumstance afforded to them.
 Refer here to Article 15 of the official guidelines of the General Student Council…
 Fade to black
 (Rin kept scolding me for a long, long time.)
 Fade back
 Knock knock knock
 Yes, Ayu–Chief of Staff?
 …
 Contact the Security Bureau of Valkyrie Police School.
 The General Student Council’s orders are absolute. The students must be apprehended.
 I’m aware. These types of issues have been par for the course since the General Student Council president disappeared.
 /
 These types of issues have been par for the course since the General Student Council president disappeared.
 It’s nothing to concern yourself over, Sensei.
 SRT stands for Special Response Team.
 It’s an elite academy of specially-trained students.
 They were a highly effective force under the General Student Council president’s command.
 …
 With her gone, there’s not much point to the organization.
 Now then, on to Article 21, Paragraph 3 of the guidelines.
 (Moments later.)
 Ayumu enters
 Yes, Chief of Staff?
 All of them?! I thought it was just a few students!
 I was hoping I wouldn’t have to resort to this.
 Contact the Public Peace Bureau of the Valkyrie Police School. The Defense Office will be able to help us coordinate with and dispatch their forces.
 They may be elites, but the Public Peace Bureau specializes in anti-terrorism. Suppress them.
 I know what you’re thinking. There’s no need for you to get involved with General Student Council matters.
 Your only assignment right now is to finish correcting your reports.
 I’m only saying this to be sure, but…
 I do hope you aren’t offering to help avoid your paperwork.
 …I’m relieved to hear that. For both our sakes.
 Then, let’s pick up where we left off. In order to revise incorrect seals…
 Fade to black
 (Moments later.)
 Ayumu runs in the room yet again
 The Public Peace Bureau students…?
 …
 Disaster can never choose a convenient time, can it?
 …
 …Tsk.
 Sensei. As you may have guessed, we’ve encountered a small issue.
 While the General Student Council should handle this…
 It seems your assistance is, in fact, required.
 As a thank you, I will handle your reports. Just this once.
 Your job is to suppress the SRT Academy students’ protest. And quickly.
 There may be only a few, but do not underestimate them. They’re highly trained and armed with heavy artillery.
 Valkyrie Police officers will explain the details once you’ve arrived at the scene.
 I’m counting on you, Sensei.
 <<To Be Continued>>
 02 - Uninvited Guests in the Park
 Upon receiving Rin’s request, Sensei arrives at the park and hears an explanation of the situation from Kanna, the Public Peace Bureau director from the Valkyrie Police School. The RABBIT Squad students, occupying the park, are armed with powerful weapons, but their command is in disarray. Sensei gathers students of the Valkyrie Police School at the scene and launches an attack.
 A proposal? What is it for?
 Hm… A proposal to repair and maintain
 the facilities in Kousagi Park that were damaged by the flood…
 The task in and of itself isn't difficult.
 But how is this pertinent to Schale’s activities?
 Then, tell me. Is it pertinent to the SRT students?
 …
 …Your silence speaks volumes.
 I’ve read the report from the chief of defense. The SRT Academy students have taken up residence in the very same park they staged a protest in. And you’ve been looking after them.
 A conundrum. It isn’t my place to criticize you, Sensei. The Schale organization is structured in a way that I couldn’t even if I wished.
 So, instead, my opinion. The fact that those students are living at the park is immensely distasteful.
 Hardly. It’s a remote park with very few visitors.
 It would have been demolished at one point down the road regardless.
 However…
 The SRT Academy was at one point granted special immunity from the president of the General Student Council to maximize their effectiveness.
 But privileges should only be granted when it serves a purpose. With no purpose, privilege is dangerous.
 You’re already well aware of how the SRT Academy is perceived by most of the General Student Council. They fear them.
 And now you would like to house and arm these students who, in all technicality, are still in open rebellion?
 Imagine the chaos that would ensue if the Administration Board were to hear of this.
 No. There is not.
 Fade to black
 (I met with every single chief of staff to enlist help.)
 (But every single response was a resounding no.)
 [Chief of Defense Office]
 We’ll now close by fielding questions.
 In short, yes.
 We have no comment to offer on the general public’s opinions.
 The academies are responsible for overseeing the management of their own districts, as they always have been. The General Student Council will continue to take a hands-off approach to such matters.
 No further questions.
 *The scene returns to the news report*
