 Did you really think your clumsy movements would go unnoticed?
 I’ve been watching you on my thermal monitoring device the whole time.
 Moe! They’re restrained!
 Do your worst!
 Bombs away!
 Who gave you permission to film us?! I’ll give you
 a taste of my MPADS and teach you a lesson.
 If you want a fight, we’ll give you one. SRT Academy’s name will persevere through us, no matter what!
 The drone is annoying though. It’s giving me a headache.
 …
 We still have an arsenal of ammo left. Why don’t we have some target practice?
 That does sound kind of fun, but are we forgetting something important?
 Miyu appears in the radio
 O-Of course not! We would never forget about an ally hidden away behind enemy lines.
 Don’t be a baby, Miyu. We’re SRT elites.
 A true elite would never abandon her mission because of a measly caterpillar.
 If that’s how you feel, why don’t you go do some traffic control with Valkyrie Police School? Would you like that better?
 Besides, the mission isn’t over. Miyu, do you have eyes on the flying drone?
 We’re going to shoot it down. Report target altitude and coordinates as soon as possible.
 I don’t want to hear it!
 Are you giving us orders right now?
 Nice work.
 Lock on the target.
 Moe, fire away.
 What in the world?
 No, but there are troops approaching.
 Didn’t we incapacitate the Security
 and Public Peace Bureaus?
 They sent out the Public Safety Bureau of all people?
 I guess. But why would they send such useless students…
 Well, I’m sure it’ll be fine.
 Does it seem like the gunshots are getting closer?
 Miyu couldn’t have been defeated by the Public
 Safety Bureau, could she?
 Her communications were cut off though. Something’s wrong.
 I’ll go out there to assess the situation.
 Moe, more ammo please.
 B-But how?
 Y-You actually used all of it?!
 But there are consequences! The mission isn’t complete!
 How could you just waste all our ammo? Are you stupid?!
 Gun cocks
 ???
 Boom
 Who’s a fool? Isn’t it you for turning our ammo into your self-gratifying fireworks display?
 We have nothing to discuss with you!
 I hope you trip and stub your toe.
 …
 Are you dumb? Did you forget my name already?
 …Sorai Saki.
 RABBIT Squad of the SRT Special Academy. That is, until you closed it down on a whim.
 Was that a threat? Is that the extent of your interrogation skills? Pfft.
 SRT Academy students deal with highly confidential information regularly! We’re well trained in dealing with interrogations and torture!
 So, do your worst!
 …Valkyrie isn’t SRT.
 Unlike the Valkyrie Police School, the SRT Academy follow strict, rigid principles both in the classroom and out.
 We wake up at the same time every morning, make our bed with precision, train in classes, and continue our duties and practice in our dorms.
 The Valkyrie Police School’s daily routine?
 Your “most disciplined” Public Peace Bureau even wear casual clothes after classes. They play and do as they please after school rather than dedicating themselves to their training.
 You can chain me up, but I will always live as a dignified wolf, not a sheepdog lollygagging in a pasture.
 W-Well, because…
 I kind of thought it would be cool to see it all explode at once, In training, we’re always graded on how much ammo we conserve…
 Sorai  Saki
 Fail
 I didn’t know you were here, Miyako.
 Moe, they’re hardly going to just let us walk out of here.
 The fact that we’re all here together means they’ve decided our sentencing.
 And after everything we’ve done… I expect our academic records will be expunged.
 Why are you apologizing to us?
 Don’t take this the wrong way. Or do, actually. But Miyako, you’re not leader of anything anymore now that the academy’s gone.
 Don’t act all high and mighty. We had no expectations of you from the beginning.
 The Schale sensei?
 *gulp*
 *Flips page*
 Does that mean we can go back to the SRT Academy?
 I had my hopes up for a moment.
 Time skip
 I don’t think that’s how that works.
 …Suspicious.
 I heard rumors that Schale is ridden with wiretapping devices.
 And where at Schale would we continue our regular training?
 Resting and relaxing in the dorms isn’t conducive to the rigor and discipline we believe in at SRT.
 …That actually isn’t a bad idea. The park reminds me of our field warfare training grounds. It’s sort of comforting.
 Nex time, you’ll be our enemy!
 The Schale Sensei?
 Here I thought it was a dirty, stray dog.
 It’s your fault for getting caught.
 We’re securing the perimeter against possible intruders.
 Well, how else are we supposed to protect ourselves?
 When on a mission, you can never be too prepared.
 Yeah! We could pitch a tent and get a fire going with our eyes closed.
 Survival skills are a must for any SRT student.
 Yep, yep, yup! No issues whatsoever. Nada! Zero! Zilch!
 Stomach rumbles
 I-It was thunder. Maybe we should prepare for a thunderstorm.
 It’s not like I can stop it from happening, all right?!
 You know what, fine! Yeah! We haven’t seen a single crumb of food since yesterday.
 Ugh. We should have gotten food rations from the SRT Academy.
 Who brought this anti-aircraft missile instead? Can you eat an anti-aircraft missile? Huh?
 Th-The blasphemy!
 We’re still SRT students. How could a dedicated student possibly leave their textbooks behind?
 Is that instant cup ramen?!
 Are you looking down on us, Sensei?
 Any agent worth their salt knows not to consume anything you didn’t personally pack during an operation.
 I’ll never accept your extortion food!
 Wh-What are you doing?
 We really aren’t going to eat a single bite, you know!
 Urgh…
 Th-That’s right!
 Do you really think you’ll break my will with a cup of cheap instant ramen?
 Stay strong, Moe. The elite students of SRT can’t be brought down by the one measly cup of ramen.
 Everyone! Take a deep breath and focus!
 Remember how we learned to counteract torture methods with antipsychotic drugs at the academy?
 This stimulus of the ramen’s smell may be strong, but our will is stronger!
 Th-Th-That just now. That was an onsen egg, wasn’t it?
 …Must be delicious!
 You’ve revealed your true colors, you evil grown-up!
 Do you really believe that willy Sensei has no evil
 intentions sending us here?
 I-I don’t know. Sensei seemed sincere when they gave us the note.
 Maybe they’d even help us bring back SRT.
 Wait, isn’t this where the Schale office is?
 There’s only old weapons and junk…
 Hey, [NAME] Sensei directed us here.
 B-Bento Disposal Specialists?!
 Are you stupid, Moe? Accepting expired lunches?
 How could you stoop so low?
 B-But… We’re the RABBIT Squad of the SRT Academy! Elites of the elite!
 W-W-Wait a second! I didn’t say I wouldn’t eat! Please, Moe!
 Hold it right there, Moe! Who said YOU get
 to have the yakiniku bento?
 You took the shogayaki bento yesterday!
 It had the most meat! Give me that back and take this mung bean sprout bento,
 Hm? Oh yeah? Do you want the mung bean sprout bento then?
 That’s the most expensive one here, Miyako! You’re not doing anyone any favors!
 What’re you doing here? We were about to have a nice, friendly lunch with our beloved squad members.
 Maybe you’re the weird one, Sensei!
 To you it may have looked like yelling, but to us it’s simply our very fair, democratic process of distributing our rations.
 No matter the results, we’re comrades-in-arms who are dedicated to our cause and each other! We’re all willing to make the necessary sacrifices!
 If you don’t take your stinking hands off that bento…
 …
 Yes. The disciplined students of the SRT Academy would never let something so trivial deter us from accomplishing our mission.
 You thought you would humiliate us into submission, but it backfired! Now we can survive here for as long as we want. So, go away!
 N-No! Don’t come closer!
 Saki backs away
 Take one more step and I’ll show you the strenuous combat training we receive at SRT!
 It’s because…of the smell…
 N-No! It’s not that, Sensei!
 Dammit, Sensei! No! WE’RE the ones who smell!
 Don’t tell me you don’t feel gross too! I can’t even remember the last time I showered!
 Does money grow out of our ears? If we can’t even buy food, how are we meant to afford public baths?
 I’ve never heard anything more suspicious in my life.
 Evil incarnate.
 “Until we can shower.” And just when would that be?
 We have no hot water, and a cold shower is this weather is a recipe for illness.
 …We could fill one with water and light a fire underneath it.
 Another dumb idea from the dumb teacher. They only do that in the old movies.
 Dispatch? Have you lost your mind, Miyako?
 Sensei does think that little of us! Do you think we’re beggars on the side of the street? We won’t get down on our knees and ask for someone else’s trash.
 Get it through your head! We are elite members of the SRT Academy and we will not accept your charity, Valkyrie’s charity, or some stupid industrial company’s charity!
 W-Well, with the bentos…
 I don’t have to defend myself!
 We secured discarded bentos through our own effort! That was not charity!
 You’ll never break our pride!
 Oh, who died and made you boss again, Miyako?
 Oh NOW you’re a stickler for protocol?
 Stop trying to distract from my question. What gives you the right to order me around?
 Oh? And who made you the squad leader, huh?
 Wasn’t it those little snotheads from the General Student Council? The ones who shut down the SRT Academy?
 So, tell me. Considering we’re rebelling against the General Student Council, what makes you think you still get to boss us around?
 …
 That’s what I thought. We’re just dealing with a bunch of security guards, not trained enemies.
 I received top marks on all my simulated extraction trainings. Just watch me.
 Oh? As our sniper?
 W-Well… Um… I wrote down the notes on effective sniper placement… Not that one, in an urban environment…
 Security Guard appears
 There’s not supposed to be a patrol route this way!
 S-So… Um…
 Up! Take the high ground! Get as high as you can!
 According to the textbooks, the basics of sniping involves securing a higher line of sight.
 Shut up, Miyako! I got this under control.
 Who’re you calling a thief?!
 Everyone, engage! Make your way to Point Epsilon and be sure to cover each other’s backs. We’re outnumbered.
 <<Combat Sequence>>
 Sensei and the squad members plan to rescue Miyu, who has gotten lost. Following Sensei’s plan, Miyako and Saki infiltrate the target area while wearing drum barrels and they safely rescue Miyu. The squad returns home and takes a well-deserved drum barrel bath.
 Stop calling us thieves!
 Shut up, Moe! I’m still better than you!
 I-I don’t understand, I thought it was the perfect plan…
 I thought I could show off SRT’s strength to Sensei… Instead I just embarrassed myself and the academy.
 That doesn’t make sense…
 Miyu, that dummy!
 She left her radio in the bag!
 There’s no way. That area’s crawling with security guards.
 There’s no means of escape from there either. She’s got to be stuck up there.
 Is that even a question? Operation Carrot is now a rescue mission.
 We’ll have to leave the drum barrels. There’s no way we can fight and carry them at once.
 …I have read something like this before.
 In one of our textbooks, they talk about some legendary agent who would hide under boxes and barrels to pull off impossible infiltration missions.
 Look, it’s not the best, but what else are we gonna do?
 I would rather use my precious textbook as a coaster than listen to Evil Incarnate over there…
 But…Miyu is in this situation because of me. I can’t let her down.
 I gotta admit, I was pretty skeptical.
 But this is the easiest infiltration we’ve ever done.
 If I had known they would be this effective, I would’ve brought more for future missions.
 Miyu! Miyu!
 Hurry up and get in here!
 What are you saying? C’mon, get in already!
 Are you serious right now?
 Miyu, pay attention! It’s me, Saki.
 I disguised myself as a drum barrel so we could come rescue you. Look, no scary barrel monsters.
 Y-You really think we would do that?
 C’mon now. No more crying. You’re an elite agent of SRT!
 C’mon, into the drum barrel before the guards come around.
 Whistle blares
 Oops. A little late for that.
 The textbook response in a situation like this is…
 RUN!
 Sudden black with gunfire and explosions
 (They quickly fled to the park, protecting themselves from the rain of bullets with the drum barrels…)
 [Kousagi Park, Squad Campside]
 *huff* *puff* Those persistent security
 guards… Did we actually lose them?
 Stop joking around. It’s us!
 And how did you and Miyu have the exact same reaction? What’s this crawling chaos nonsense?
 I-If it weren’t for that small mishap, I could’ve sleepwalked through that mission!
 Why do things never work out the way they do on paper?
 …Thanks.
 More importantly, I’m sweaty and smell like gunpowder.
 I’m dying to scrub off all this grime, but bathing while camping isn’t as easy as turning a knob.
 You procured all of these before we even finished the operation?
 That’s technically against procedures and would normally require discipline. But…the whole point of this operation was to take a bath, right?
 RABBIT Squad, bath time!
 Ahhh… Now that’s the stuff.
 I’ve missed this! Hot baths after a mission are the best!
 For once in your life, will you stop thinking about incendiaries? Is your brain just wired wrong?!
 And it’s perfect right now anyways. I’d rather us not turn into rabbit stew.
 Of course. There’s no one watching.
 Long missions often require us to bathe and change together like this, so it’s nothing new for us.
 And this park rarely has visitors. Any that do come this far will be met with our landmines and automatic turrets.
 …But you know. Now that I think about it. Technically, there is someone watching us.
 Standing guard?! You’re spying on bating students right now!
 Leave! Leave right now and never come back!
 Oh, okay. Tell Sensei I said bye-bye.
 Saki hangs up
 SRT! Everyone, back up!
 Sensei, where’s the top-quality wagyu bento?!
 What’s this weirdo saying? Where’s the top-quality wagyu bento?
 Who the hell are these guys? They appear homeless, but all their weapons are state-of-the-art!
 You think we’re scared of your weapons? Small-fry are still small-fry.
 Throw whatever you can at us. You’re no match against SRT elites!
 All right, I’ll help you with that and deal with the front. Miyako, you have our backs?
 …
 Site B clear.
 Site B clear.
 Besides those who escaped, all of the enemies on the first floor have been neutralized.
 Miyako, come check this out. I think…this is a bunch of canned food.
 Smoked salmon, bacon…
 There’s even scallops preserved in oil!
 What a payload! Imagine eating our bentos with these delicacies!
 You call all this trash your precious possessions?
 I don;t see your little minions anywhere anyways. I don’t think you’ll need any of these anymore.
 Us? Hypocrites? Look in the mirror sometime, buddy.
 Noble pursuit, this. Non-possession, that. Meanwhile, your supposed enlightenment is just a phony scam to hide the fact that you’re a lazy good-for-nothing!
 A real monk wouldn’t care if they were eating wagyu or mung bean sprouts!
 Weird, I don’t have much of an appetite. Must’ve worked too hard.
 I think I’ll just eat a mung bean sprout bento at home.
 Sorry, Moe. think of it as non-possessiveness.
 The tarp has holes all over it!
 Miyu! We need more tarps!
 Dammit. We weren’t prepared for this
 at all.
 Moe! Are you still protecting your metal junk?
 Are you crazy? Put them down and come help us!
 What about our guns?! Our ammunition? I think your stupid equipment is the least of our concerns.
 If this rain doesn’t let up, we’ll lose everything.
 I’d love to help, but we’re shorthanded over here!
 If we let go, everything’s gonna blow away.
 Thundering
 The buttress holding up the command tent…
 It’s collapsing! Eeeek!
 Thundering
 All of our ammunition is underwater.
 This is it. The end of the line.
 Forget about the stupid equipment!
 It’s over, Miyako! Us… The SRT Academy… Everything’s over!
 How did we end up here? When did our duties become to scavenge for food and steal empty drum barrels so we can shower?!
 We were better than this! We used to debate the intricacies of justice and bring down felons! Now… Now we’re fighting over expired bentos with hobos.
 Tell me, Miyako! Is that what you meant? Is this how you keep the name of SRT alive?!
 …This isn’t the SRT I knew.
 Where are you going, Miyako?
 After all this? You look this disaster full in the face, and want to continue?!
 You’re holding the shovel all wrong. Give it.
 I-I suppose…we wouldn’t have made it without Miyako though…
 But Sensei, wasn’t your ultimate goal to get us out of this park?
 What kind of stupid Sensei would work so hard to help us stay here?
 Hm. It’s just [NAME] Sensei.
 Here I thought another dog had wandered in.
 Anyways, why are you here? No one asked you to be.
 W-Wait. What is that smell?
 I can’t remember the last time I had inarizushi. Well, actually, back at the SRT Academy…
 Well, we always knew we were fighting against the odds when we took on this mission.
 If we run out of bullets, then we still have our hands! They won’t stop us.
 Did you call yourself the “supplies expert”? Is
 this the same person who wasted all of our ammunition to make some stupid fireworks?
 How could you suggest something so awful?
 I…I’m in shock. Moe came up with a really good idea.
 Was there something in the bento you ate yesterday? That must be it.
 More importantly. Moe. When and how did you become a VIP client at Kaiser Industries?
 Who’s going to buy all that crazy equipment at some second-hand auction.?
 Did no one else find that buyer suspicious?
 They showed up with their faces completely covered, had wads and wads of cash, and don’t even inspect the weapons?
 What… What if it’s bad cash? Like black money?
 Are you stupid? Do you want to cook us dinner and fly around the helicopter with your precious babies? Huh?
 Explosives aren’t the most important thing on the battlefield, you know!
 Speak of the devil. An intruder.
 Show me the bullet marks on your gloves.
 Scorch marks from thermate and traces of direct hits from high-density bullet cores…
 These weren’t ordinary bullets. They appear to be high-explosive incendiary armor-piercing ammunition, or HEIAP.
 Not always. But I’ve studied these in textbooks.
 Same here. It’s too expensive and impractical for use in personal firearms, so they’re never produced. Well, until now I guess.
 The only company with the capability to mass-produce these…
 Kaiser Industries.
 ?!
 Did you fall asleep standing up?
 Aren’t you the Feral Hound of Valkyrie Police School?
 Alright, fine! We may not have approval, but we have no intention of leaving. Are you going to drag us out by force?
 Ugh.
 What? Are you challenging the SRT Academy?
 The nerve! We were wiping the floor with her last time until Sensei stepped in.
 Isn’t that illegal?
 The police colluding with corporations for wealth? At the expense of the citizens?
 It’s unjust.
 If we could just get our hands on some evidence…
 Are you actually stupid?
 Their school is crawling with, at the VERY last, hundreds of highly-armed military forces. It’s a fortress!
 When the Valkyrie Police School commits a violation, the only secondary police force that can investigate them is…
 …
 Our entire purpose is to handle situations like this.
 Are you stupid or something?
 We subdue any criminals in violation of public order…
 But this is the main building of the Valkyrie Police School. How can there not be a single guard on patrol?
 I wasn’t talking about you, all right? I just can’t believe their lax security and overreliance on technology.
 I find it undisciplined and pathetic. It’s the exact embodiment of why I didn’t want to attend this school.
 We have no choice but to carry out this mission on our own. That’s how it’s always been, always.
 Why the long face, Miyako? What’s wrong?
 Who cares about a big door? There’s not a single
 guard in sight.
 I can’t complain though. This operation has gone smoothly so far.
 Well, Miyako? Let’s get going. We don’t have much time.
 What? Does this count towards our thirty-minute time limit?
 We don’t have time. Can’t we just breach the door with explosives?
 …That took over three minutes.
 You’re right.
 I’ll take the bookshelves on the right.
 Let’s see…
 Transaction logs… Transaction logs…
 A receipt submitted by Kaiser Industries a week ago…
 !
 Jackpot!
 Hahaha! I can’t wait to stick it to those Public Peace Bureau goons!
 Closing noise
 ?
 …
 Miyu, what are you doing in the front of the door?
 Okay. Open it.
 WHAT?!
 <<To be Continued>>
 18 - Operation Clover 2
 The squad members are panicking, and Miyako struggles with her powerlessness again. But Sensei and the squad members show Miyako their deep-seated trust in her, and Miyako regains her courage and leads them in their escape.
 Arghhhh! Graaaaaaaah!
 It really won’t budge.
 You know, I would love to do that. If the door wasn’t closed.
 You could’ve at least put in a doorstop…. Anything at all…
 But it’s not your fault, Miyako. At all.
 Don’t try to redirect. Miyu holds every ounce of blame here.
 What do we do? I can try these explosives, but we didn’t bring much.
 Can’t you just hack the electronic lock like before?
 Aren’t you our leader, Miyako?
 Miyako!
 Are you stupid? Who else could lead the RABBIT Squad in a situation like this?
 Do you think I could do anything? I’m pretty sure there wasn’t a chapter on how to handle getting locked in a vault while raiding a police station in my textbooks.
 When it comes to security concerns, you should always assume the worst. That’s standard practice.
 Undisciplined attitudes like yours explain the current state of Kivotos!
 …
 Miyako was right. All we had to do was trip the
 alarm on purpose, and the Security Bureau came running right over to let
 us out.
 I guess I should be grateful that our colleagues
 who are supposed to be sharing the responsibility of Kivotos’ safety are
 stupid as hell…
 Enemy assault soldier defeated. Tango 3 is down!
 Understood!
 Flash bomb up front!
 Explosions and gunfire
 Leave it to me!
 Black screen with explosions and gunfire
 Oh, yeah. That’s a limited-edition strawberry donut from Master Donuts. With marshmallows.
 Did that actually just work? Pinch me, please.
 There you go again.
 Miyako, you stupid-head! Everything is thanks to you! No one else here led us to this point. It was YOU!
 There isn’t anyone else in…in all of KIvotos who could’ve done what you just did! You assessed the situation, everyone’s individual skills, and deployed us all accordingly. That was you.
 Even that stuff I said about not recognizing you as a leader…
 I didn’t mean it. I’m sorry.
 …
 What a stubborn squad leader.
 Who’s this hot-blooded weirdo blocking us?
 Barricades are already up…and I’ve added anti-personnel mines for good measure.
 explosion
 …Let’s hope it holds up.
 How did that movie end again?
 That’s not what I want to hear right now!
 All of the access points to the rooftops should be sealed. How did you get here?
 …?! This building has to be at least ten stories.
 A student with no rappelling training and no equipment just free-climbed the side of a building?
 Valkyrie Police School was armed with the shabbiest, standard-issue gear and was already undergoing budget cuts. Of course it raises red flags when you show up with an arsenal all of a sudden.
 I guess our stupid Sensei does make good points here and there.
 That’s right! No one can decide for you, but you!
 We’re locked in, let’s go!
 I’m exhausted. I could fall asleep right here.
 Miyu, at the very least take off your gear before going to sleep.
 As well as write your operational reports and wash up for bed.
 Who am I to walk? I could fall asleep standing right now.
 You worry too much, Miyu. We did what was right and that’s what matters.
 Anyways, who has time for revenge when they’re fighting off a crowd of rabid reporters?
 What is it?
 Ah. An intruder.
 …Salute?
 If it’s a mung bean sprout bento I’ll really let Moe blow you up to the heavens.
 This is an insult to food everywhere. It’s worse than a mung bean sprout bento.
 You think we want to coexist with you hypocritical pieces of junk?
 Moe, we still have armor piercing explosives, right?
