 Are you all right, Sensei?
 I know you’ve been busy with this and that lately, but I’d appreciate it if you could focus a little bit.
 As I understand it, you’ve been volunteering to deal with the aftermath of that incident.
 Fair enough.
 A lot has happened in such a short amount of time. We’d be remiss not to do our due diligence.
 It will undoubtedly be tedious, but that’s simply the nature of a postmortem.
 So, back to the beginning.
 Seia’s recovery room was destroyed at roughly 3 AM on the night of the attack.
 The first to arrive at the scene was Captain Mine of the Remedial Knights.
 *Background fades and shows Mine*
 She reported what happened to the Tea Party after grasping the situation.
 Even as the Tea Party fell into a panic, a concerted effort began to hide news of Seia’s death and search for the perpetrator.
 *Background fades to black*
 Captain Mine took advantage of the chaos and escaped with Seia’s body. Even the other members of her club were unsure of where she went.
 *The scene goes back to Sakurako in a room*
 That’s as much as the Tea Party knew, In reality, Mine had only made it seem like Seia’s halo was destroyed and instead hid her somewhere safe.
 It was the best way to protect Seia from another attack. No one targets a dead person.
 The Tea Party has no shortage of enemies after all. The culprit could be just about anyone. I believe Mine made the right decision with that in mind.
 Now we know the one who orchestrated the attack was Mika. Mine made a wise decision.
 However, Seia still hasn’t woken up.
 Her wounds from the explosion have healed, but she remains unconscious…for reasons unknown, according to the captain.
 In conclusion, Captain Mine and Seia are still in hiding. No one knows their location.
 That sums up everything we know about the attack on Yurizono Seia.
 *The door suddenly opens and Uruwa Hanako shows up*
 I’m not in the mood for your jokes, Hanako.
 You haven’t forgotten the pact you made, have you?
 (…)
 With all due respect, this matter isn’t any of your or Schale’s concern, Sensei.
 …
 …
 However, that alone won’t suffice.
 I have a request of my own to make of you, Hanako.
 That’s…
 *Ending the flashback, the scene returns to the room where Sensei was in*
 *The background is tinted with pink and is filled with bubbly effects*
 I’m glad you remem—
 I beg your pardon?
 Excuse me?!
 Of course I haven’t!
 Yes, I’m sure!
 *The background shakes*
 The exchange for granting your request was that you grant one of ours as well!
 *Sigh*
 As much as I’d like to request that you agree to join the Sisterhood, that wouldn’t be fair. I would basically be coercing you.
 We’ve decided to change our non-interventionism policy after this most recent incident. The Sisterhood will be more involved in Trinity’s politics than before—at least for the foreseeable future.
 There are sure to be a lot of…growing pains in that regard, and having the help of someone as talented as you could help alleviate them.
 Why so hesitant? I hope you still aren’t thinking of that fabricated proposal you said I made.
 So that’s it. Yes, I can agree to that. We should count ourselves fortunate that you’re willing to help at all. I won’t push my luck by asking you to do any more than you’re comfortable with.
 Let’s get back to the matter at hand, though. We were discussing—
 Precisely, the nudity poli—no! We were discussing the matter surrounding Seia.
 What could have happened between the two of them within that time window?
 Correct.
 Shirasu Azusa then transferred to Trinity with the covert objective of protecting Nagisa. That much is clear.
 Along the way, she and the Make-Up Work Club even passed their evaluation exam. That’s showing she knows how to get results.
 I can’t find any fault with her, personally. Therefore, I will take responsibility and authenticate her documents.
 No one should have any objections to her enrollment with the Sisterhood vouching for her.
 This officially makes Shirasu Azusa a Trinity Student.
 There is still unfinished business, especially where the Arius Satellite School is concerned…
 …but all of the urgent fires have been extinguished for now.
 Job well done, everyone. Especially to you, Hanako and Sensei.
 I have other matters to attend to, so I’ll be taking my leave. Let’s go, Mari.
 We've decided to break our customs and involve ourselves with the Tea Party's internal struggle.
 Misono Mika of the Tea Party. You are under arrest for attempting and instigating harm to your fellow Tea Party members.
 A pleasure, [NAME] Sensei. We still owe you one from last time.
 Haha… Nagisa would probably call it troublesome.
 …Those kind of words are gonna get someone in trouble.
 …
 Demand is a harsh word.The Sisterhood’s newfound political status means we should be involved in meetings like this.
 No, no. I’m just keeping up with current events.
 The Eden Treaty incident may have concluded safely, but there’s a lot of follow-up and post-analysis still in process.
 The Sisterhood is helping out and conducting some of the research analysis.
 And this meeting’s purpose is to share information on said topics.
 …
 Indeed.
 Captain Mine is leader of the Johan faction and head of the Remedial Knights.
 She had the right to attend the Tea Party, but she declined in favor of her medical career. It’s rather sweet.
 It’s Arius’ involvement that leaves the Sisterhood with questions.
 To begin, what was Arius’ motivation in attacking the Eden Treaty ceremony?
 …
 Unfortunately, I know just as much as you do.
 Like you, Captain Mine?
 You’re a fool if you believe me to be the Sisterhood’s sole secret keeper.
 There are plenty of things I don’t know. I can’t say much more than that.
 Which leads to my next question.
 What intel do you have on Arius’ plans?
 Their whereabouts have been a longstanding mystery. But I did uncover a few clues.
 During the Eden Treaty incident, they infiltrated through the underground catacombs.
 All previous Arius infiltrations can be traced back to the catacombs too. To top it off, the cruise missile was launched from a ruins district in Trinity.
 Check yourself, Captain Mine. Your accusations hold no ground.
 Yes. I know Nagisa has done some reprehensible things, but Azusa was never treated poorly.
 At the very least, that Sensei over there would never let anyone touch a hair on her head.
 I’m glad we’re on the same page.
 I was hoping to begin passing responsibilities to Hanako, but…
 Our contract is complete, and I won’t force her into it.
 So, this fight is ours. It’s the least we can do for them.
 But, I have a feeling a certain teacher will be with us until the end.
 Unless we ask someone who is familiar with the passages.
 Joumae Saori, the leader of the Arius Squad who coordinated the attack, must know the way.
 …I can think of someone else.
 Misono Mika.
 She’s been working with Arius for a long time. Do you really think she would have no idea?
 …
 …
 I was just going through every possibility, Nagisa. No accusations here.
 I’ll take my leave as well.
 …
 More importantly, Sensei's safety is the priority. The Sisterhood will support this operation.
 This couldn't have been easy. Thank you, Azusa.
 Then who will greet Sensei when we return victorious?
 And our reputation wouldn't last long if we need the Make-Up Work Club's help again...especially from you, for this particular mission.
 Even Hanako is staying behind to support us the best way she can.
 Trust in us.
 It's okay. What would you like to say?
 …
 If I know Sensei, Atsuko is already safe. And we'll make sure to keep Sensei safe.
 Even though they pointed their guns at you? At your friends?
