 The Eden Treaty is a promise to put an end to hatred, so to speak. It’s a pact to cease the long-standing rivalry between Trinity and Gehenna. In other words, it’s an effort to build trust in the place of hatred that would only continue to fester if left alone. You can think of it as a peace treaty between Gehenna and Trinity. However, now that the General Student Council president has gone missing, the pact is worthless. Eden is the name of the paradise from ancient scriptures. It’s beyond me why the General Student Council president chose it to begin with. Perhaps it was because she had a sick sense of humor.
 The night sky of Kivotos is on full display. The stars shine brightly and so do the halos above the city.
 Are you aware of Kivotos’ seven koans? The fifth one relates to paradise.
 “Can we prove anyone has ever reached paradise?”
 Like each of the koans, this question’s intent is vague, but it can be interpreted as referring to the inherent paradox in proving the existence of paradise. If paradise exists, then the ones who reach it will remain there for eternity, forever enveloped in joy and satisfaction. If someone does leave paradise, it’s because they weren’t fully satisfied, so it was never a paradise for them. Therefore, those who reach paradise cannot be found-and should not exist-outside of paradise.
 The screen transitions to a shot of Trinity campus at night.
 So, can you prove the truth of someone who does not exist? The purpose of this fifth koan is to be nigh unanswerable. Does truth that cannot be proven become worthless? What is the true question masked behind such cynicism? Eden is the paradise from scripture. It exists nowhere and cannot be found.
 The screen transitions into pure black.
 In other words, it’s nothing but a sweet illusion conjured by dreamers. You see? Surely, this is the metaphor behind the treaty’s name.
 Once again we are brought back to the Terrace with Seia.
 Sensei. You may find the story that’s about to unfold to be unpalatable. It’s a story meant to make you uncomfortable, uneasy, and leave you unhappy. A cynical story that will make you doubt people and truth. Gloomy, sad, painful, and ultimately bitter. But entirely truthful. I ask that you not look away and see it through to the end. For that is your responsibility.
 A series of images transition one into another.
 The first scene is a wide shot of Trinity Terrace, but this time it is midday and two people are seated. The POV fades into an image of a contemplating Nagisa.
 The second scene is of Hina inside a vehicle as she looks out, also in what seems to be in contemplation.
 Azusa leans against a wall in a classroom at either dawn or sunset, the clocktower of Trinity jutting to the sky.
 <<To be Continued…>>
 I’ve been waiting for you, Arius Satellite School’s Shirasu Azusa.
 Yes. Because all of this already came to me in a dream.
 It’s difficult to explain—precognitive. You can think of it like a ‘prophetic dream’.
 I have them often, dreams that become reality. As well as ones that are indistinguishable from reality.
 Yes. You’re here to destroy my halo.
 Others joined you on this mission, but you’re the only one who made it this far. You’re quite talented, Azusa.
 If you must know…it’s because it would have been meaningless.
 Everything is in vain. Just as the wise saying Arius is so fond of goes. Struggling is meaningless to someone like me who can see the future.
 Death isn’t common in Kivotos, but it’s not entirely devoid of it either. Invisible, yet clearly always with us. There’s no doubt that each of us are living things.
 *Background fades to black*
 To destroy one’s halo is to kill them. Meaning, someone out there wants me dead.
 And here you are. You made it all the way here and infiltrated a hidden room still undetected. You, Shirasu Azusa, a student from the Arius Satellite School.
 *Background returns to Seia in the room*
 Have you ever destroyed a halo before?
 Taught?
 Do you think your firearm will be enough?
 A bomb that can shatter a halo? I’ve never heard of such a weapon.
 This must be the kind of thing Arius spends its time teaching. How to destroy halos—how to kill.
 …
 I see. So this is what Arius has become.
 *Seia walks closer to Azusa*
 Are you truly prepared to become a murderer, Azusa?
 I’ve seen it before. How afraid you are.
 Murder is murder. Whether it was something you wished for or not, whether you had any other choice…
 None of it matters. It’s something you can never come back from. It’s something you will carry with you for as long as you remain on this world.
 The despair, agony, rage, regret, frustration, and helplessness you’ll feel… No one will ever be able to empathize with it, and eventually, those feelings fade into nothingness, just as you will.
 You’ve been told it you whole life: vanitas vanitatum—that it’s the truth of the world.
 Yet, from what I’ve seen, you’re a living contradiction. You simultaneously place faith in these words but don’t believe them.
 *The scene changes to an image of Dame’s Rocket beside a pillar filled with bullet holes*
 Isn’t that right?
 It’s what you were thinking to yourself as you gazed upon that flower.
 “Even if everything is in vain…I must continue struggling.”
 This is what’s at the core of your being—the image you see when you close your eyes. I couldn’t understand it at first…
 …but now it makes perfect sense to me.
 *Scene then goes back to Seia in the room*
 You didn’t come here to kill me. You came to seek advice.
 *Background fades to black*
 Advice about your struggle.
 ***
 I see.
 What I can say for certain is that we don’t see eye to eye, Shirasu Azusa.
 I’m familiar with the fifth koan. I know better than anyone the fallacy of trying to prove the existence of paradise.
 …if you wish to continue struggling in the face of catastrophe, then I will help.
 I’ll lend you my wisdom.
 Though I can make no promises about where it will lead you.
 *The scene returns to the counseling room*
 Nice to meet you, Sensei.
 I'm Yurizono Seia.
 We're in your dream... or maybe this is my dream.
 Ah. So maybe this isn't our first meeting.
 That could be the case. The flow of time has become rather convoluted to me.
 Regardless, I’m glad to have this opportunity to speak with you.
 So, shall we begin unraveling this story?
 <<EPISODE END>>
 EP 10 - Sweet Lies
 Sensei again meets Seia in their dreams and hears about the connection between the Eden Treaty and Gematria. Azusa is captured by Arius but makes a miraculous escape, an all-out battle between Gehenna and the Tea Party’s reserve forces unfolds.
 Sensei, you’re an outsider to Kivotos, so surely you understand the importance of promises such as contracts, deals… and other similar bindings, correct?
 Have you ever heard the phrase, “making a deal with the devil”?
 History is full of tales of transcendental entities being defeated after making a promise.
 It makes you think, doesn't it?
 A promise can bind you, control you--even define you. Whether it’s spoken or even on a scrap of paper.
 Contracts, commandments, promises… These are fundamentally important to the foundation of Kivotos, just like in tales of old.
 For example, Trinity’s scriptures tell of the ten commandments our ancestors promised to keep with the divine.
 The text also tells us that, long ago, we were expelled from paradise for breaking that promise.
 Fade to Hoshino’s resignation letter
 But you’re already familiar with the power of a promise. You used it to save someone.
 Fade to Black Suit
 Recall what Gematria required of the Abydos students to make a contract…
 …but once that contract was invalid, Gematria had no choice but to retreat.
 Fade back to Seia
 …
 This incident is similar.
 At its core, the Eden Treaty is an agreement between two academies.
 However, consider the special site in which it was to be held.
 Also evaluate the authority held by the representatives gathered to finalize the treaty.
 The Arius Squad used these elements to twist the Eden Treaty into recreating the conditions of the First Council.
 Even the guardians of the original commandments, the Saint Justina Council, were brought forth via Mimesis.
 In other words, they’ve twisted the contract and manipulated its outcome for their own gain.
 Much like how Gematria said adults should act, isn’t that right?
 …
 Let me be clear. I know of that because I’ve been observing them through your dreams.
 They’re beyond my understanding, I’m afraid. Incomprehensible.
 But, yes. Gematria are the ones backing Arius.
 Now Arius has a formidable army at their disposal that will not relent and cannot die.
 Fade to Black
 And they’ve done it under the name of the same paradise from which we were expelled: Eden.
 Fade to Azusa in City.
 …
 Interesting.
 Hanako is a smart girl. She was able to discern the truth  with what little information she had.
 She understood the circumstances, the culprit, and the fact that she has no means to stop it.
 It's tragic. Hanako realized all of this just as she was growing to appreciate Trinity.
 …
 She’s not the only one who has arrived at the truth.
 Hifumi received a message while searching for Azusa.
 It was a text that only contained coordinates, a time, and an animal name as a code word. Peculiar, but Hifumi must have realized who the sender was.
 Fade to Black.
 Right.
 This is where all of that struggling has led to.
 I warned Azusa that this would be the outcome…
 …but she clung onto hope nonetheless.
 …
 It’s time I told you the end of the story. The conclusion.
 This is an ending where everything is in vain, and delving deeper will only lead to more suffering.
 The climax to a story where one person is forced to kill another--where they must become a murderer.
 It’s a story meant to make you uncomfortable, uneasy, and leave you unhappy.
 Gloomy, sad, painful, and ultimately bittersweet.
 But entirely truthful.
 That’s the essence of this tale.
 …
 Do you remember, Sensei, what you said in response to the fifth koan?
 “You have to believe in paradise, and you have to put trust in others.”
 This is the result of that trust.
 It was a paradox to begin with--the Eden Treaty being a promise to put an end to hatred once and for all.
 That simply isn’t possible.
 Ironically, the treaty bares the name of paradise. The General Student Council president always did have an unpalatable sense of humor.
 The PV Screens of Gehenna opposing Trinity show
 You’ve witnessed it yourself. The hatred between Gehenna and Trinity…
 PV of Arius
 Arius’ deep-seeded animosity…
 The treaty bearing the name of a paradise that cannot be proven was signed, driven by their rancor.
 Back to normal BG yay
 A fitting end for those of us who were exiled from paradise, don’t you think?
 Huh?
 No, because there’s no point in knowing. What happens next is like an epilogue after the ending.
 Knowing will only lead to more sadness and suffering.
 I’m confused, then. What is there to “get,” Sensei?
 What…makes you think that?
 I’m not…
 Sensei, what are you saying?
 What? You’re going back?
 Stop. Unlike me, your body hasn’t fully recovered.
 Even if you manage to wake up now, nothing will change. That’s what I foresee.
 It’s the truth of the world, as told by the seven koans!
 …
 Are you denying the seven koans?
 But why? The existence of paradise is life’s ultimate question. If its existence can’t be proven, then nothing can be.
 Are you trying to say that you still believe in paradise?
 You can’t prove it, but you choose to have blind faith that it exists?
 “Can we prove anyone has ever reached paradise?” The question isn’t really about proving the existence of paradise…
 … but simply a koan about the nature of faith. Is that what you’re implying?
 Wait, Sensei! There’s still one more thing I must ask you!
 Faith alone won’t change anything. It won’t stop your prayers from falling on deaf ears!
 Where is the rationale that faith can change the world?!
 Hanako flashes up on screen…
 …?
 P-Panties…?
 I’m not sure I follow. A-And what do they have to do with bikini bottoms? Is this some type of koan? I’ve never heard this one before.
 …
 So that’s how it is.
 You intend to see the epilogue after all, Sensei.
 Leaving me here, hiding in my dreams…
 …
 I…
 Perhaps you were right. Maybe I am afraid of finding out what happens next.
 What’s on the next page…
 Must I see the story all the way to the end?
 I suppose that’s my duty.
 …
 Very well, Sensei.
 Even if it’s a gloomy, sad, painful, and ultimately bittersweet story…
 … I will see it through to the end.
 <<Episode End!>>
 EP 16 - Bits and Pieces
 Seia considers everything entangled in the Eden Treaty. Saori survives with Atsuko’s help, and Hina vanishes. The Tea Party arrests Hanako and Mika is released. Azusa resolves to stop Saori, and Hifumi enters Trinity’s gates. Sensei wakes up in the hospital.
 Azusa…
 You turned the gift you cherished as much as your life into a murder weapon.
 The bomb that was meant to destroy my halo.
 You still had it all this time.
 The scene shifts to the Arius guys
 …
 However, Saori is still alive. Her wounds may be grave, but she lived…
 …because Atsuko protected her.
 Atsuko, the one they refer to as Hime…
 She must be precious to Saori.
 To a cave
 So Atsuko is still alive.
 Yet I have little doubt that bomb would have destroyed my halo.
 It even wounded Saori despite her being shielded from the brunt of it.
 Perhaps Atsuko’s halo has its own guardian angel.
 …
 Regardless, this is sure to throw a wrench into Arius Squad’s plans.
 Their all-out assault on Trinity has been delayed, and their hold on the Council has been weakened.
 The fighting at the cathedral is also slowing down.
 It will be possible to search and rescue the wounded with the two sides at a stalemate.
 As for Azusa… This new turn of events may ease her despair, if only slightly.
 Scene goes to the cathedral
 So the head prefect has vanished.
 Her heart has had to endure a lot. I hope it didn’t break…
 Scene switch to Tea Party offices.
 What will you do now, Azusa?
 You managed to save many others through resolve, but you failed to abolish the Council by voiding the commandments.
 Gehenna’s Hina disappeared, and Trinity’s Hanako has been arrested.
 Mika is even free now.
 Is this the ending you were fighting for?
 In the end, it truly was futile. Fleeting and meaningless like a dream…
 Azusa?
 Azusa, you… still intend to fight?
 Even knowing it’s all in vain, you still insist.
 Why? How?
 Scene switch to the Justice Task Force.
 You insist on fighting too, Sensei?
 So that your students can remain just students. They shouldn’t have to become things such as soldiers or killers.
 That’s the kind of outcome you’re fighting to prevent, isn’t it?
 It isn’t that simple, Sensei.
 You’re facing malice and distrust that dates back generations--practically an eternity.
 Fade to black, Infirmary.
 Mika…
 I thought your hatred would move you to capitalize on the opportunity.
 Why would you relent now…?
 Scene change to probably a flashback
 Nagisa is asking what the political benefit is to doing so.
 …
 I’m also concerned about your intentions. Trinity would only become more powerful if Arius agreed, which could incite a war. Is that what you want?
 …
 You always were self-centered. You’re impulsive, thoughtless, and self-destructive on top of that.
 Maybe that’s why I never cared for you.
 Flashback to Mika and Arius
 …
 Now I understand, Mika.
 You were only trying to rationalize what happened.
 You were trying to protect your heart and conscience.
 And, as usual, you made mistakes and got carried away.
 Now it fades away to Seia
 …
 I thought I had you all figured out. I thought I understood what kind of person you were and what kind of thoughts you have…
 …but I was mistaken.
 We both still have a lot to learn, then.
 You found yourself at the wrong end of a twisted fairy tale before you could even realize it, just like me.
 Murder, death, betrayal, strife…
 It was too grim of a story for a girl like you to be involved with.
 Mika…
 You’ve been suffering for quite some time…
 …so I’ll forgive you.
 Maybe I should be asking for your forgiveness as well.
 We’ll have a lot of catching up to do in the future.
 Fade to Mika and co
 Gathering people, persuading them, communicating, understanding…
 Sensei is trying to unite students of Trinity and Gehenna after they’ve been torn apart yet again.
 Even as we speak, the Saint Justina Council are carrying the will of Arius’s resentment as they march on Trinity and Gehenna.
 Yet there you are, still persuading and pleading…
 …little by little, uniting us under one cause.
 While Azusa is still trying to stop Arius all by herself.
 At the old cathedral.
 The same place left in ruins--symbolic of the paradise lost.
 That is where Arius, Azusa, and Sensei will clash.
 Scene switches to ruins, it's also raining.
 It can’t be!
 Sensei, are you doing what I think you are?
 The General Student Council president was originally meant to be the Eden Treaty’s mediator.
 The same president that established Schale and granted it Extrajudicial authority.
 By doing this, you’re having Schale act in the General Student Council president’s stead. Is that how you’ve interpreted your role in the Eden Treaty?
 Just as Arius interpreted it by asserting their authority even after sitting out of the First Council.
 All of the relevant parties to the Eden Treaty have gathered. Gehenna, the Tea Party, The Justice Task Force, the Prefect Team…
 Here, atop the remains where the old cathedral once stood.
 Everything is as it was intended. And now, on behalf of the treaty’s initial mediator, the General Student Council president…
 … you, Sensei, wish to fulfill the promise bearing the name of paradise.
 …You’ve distorted and misconstrued the contract to fit your desires.
 Fire with Fire--an eye for an eye. They ruthlessly took control, so you took it right back--just as an adult would. How interesting.
 Switch back to the Cathedral ruins
 A clash between two separate ETOs.. One that has Faith in paradise, and the other that denies it.
 How interesting.
 “Can we prove that anyone has ever reached paradise?”
 A paradisiacal paradox, yet it demands an answer all the same.
 Perhaps the question isn’t so flawed as many think. You’ve chosen to answer that there’s no need for evidence.
 Rather, your paradise exists simply through the power of faith.
 That possibility never occurred to me.
 You could then argue that paradise has always existed--here, alongside all of us.
 Perhaps that is what you meant.
 It’s so brazen that it’s ridiculous. It doesn’t prove anything.
 And yet, I’m still conceding the victory to you, Sensei.
 Now I understand this story. I was mistaken.
 In retrospect, it may have been foolish to challenge an adult in the first place.
 Snatching victory from the jaws of defeat is one of the things you do best after all.
 <<Episode End>>
 EP 22 - The Name of Paradise Part 3
 COMBAT
 “There’s still plenty of work to be done.” Isn’t that right?
 It’s a pleasure to see you both again.
 It’s been some time since the Tea Party was fully attended.
 We have a lot of catching up to do…
 … and I don’t think we can put off this conversation any longer.
 It’s time we shared things we never have before--never could.
 And the things we always wanted to tell one another.
 We’re sure to encounter our share of misunderstandings. We’ll just have to have faith in one another, even if we can never truly know what the other is thinking. Quite the paradox.
 We have no choice but to traverse the darkness with that in mind. That is our assignment.
 …
 On the contrary. Maybe you would have more if you filled that empty head of yours with some culture and sophistication.
 …
 Aren't you lonely?
 Present
 In the end, the Make-Up Work Club passed their exam completely on their own merits.
 Now Koharu can return to the Justice Task Force.
 Hanako seems to have found a place where she belongs, so she shouldn't have any reason to drop out of school.
 Azusa has taken to the joy of learning.
 And Hifumi, perhaps the most earnest and hard-working of the club, will be able to return to her normal life.
 Mika has been locked away, maybe never to be seen again.
 Nagisa's Eden Treaty will be signed as planned.
 …
 You could say everything has been wrapped up neatly with a little bow…
 ...but the story isn't over yet.
 You still have a responsibility to see it through to the end.
 Rest assured that no matter how many twists or turns this story takes…
 ...it will inevitably descend into catastrophe.
 Seia steps closer
 Do you see them on the horizon?
 There are dark clouds coming—dark enough to blot out the sun. They may never clear.
 Fade to black
 It's not over yet. You know that better than anyone, don't you?
 …
 Mika…
 I’m sorry, but I don’t have time.
 I’m not feeling well. I’m returning to my room.
 Seia leaves
 …
 //flashback end//
 Sensei? Is that you?
 Hm? You’re…alive? How can that…? Is this a dream? Sensei, a-am I awake?
 …
 Oh, I’m sorry. I was still waking up.
 It slipped my mind. You were meant to visit Trinity today.
 I’m sorry again. The line between my dreams and reality has been so blurred lately.
 The past, present, and future are all tangled up.
 Ah, I’m just babbling.
 Are they?
 I guess I can’t hide it… I’m not doing well.
 If I’m to tell you this, no one else can know, okay?
 …I’ve been grappling with an impossible problem.
 This is unlike anything you and I have ever experienced.
 Please heed my words carefully.
 I had a…dream some time ago.
 As you know, my dreams are often predictive of the future, as if I’ve entered a piece of reality destined to happen.
 While these dreams happen often, this one shook me to my core.
 Black screen
 Sensei, I saw the fall of Kivotos.
 <<To be Continued>>
 04 - Between a Dream and a Mirage
 Seia tells Sensei she’s had so many lucid dreams that she can no longer distinguish dreams from reality. She explains that Gematria will cause the fall of Kivotos. Sensei advises her to make amends with Mika first. Seia calls Mika, but faints and encounters Gematria in her dreams.
 …
 Seia (Tea Party): Yes, I witnessed it.
 I don’t know when it is going to happen, but I do know how.
 An enormous tower emerges from a blood red sky.
 It erodes the entire world, enveloping everything with its sinister power. It’s accompanied by an awful screech.
 Then, the fragments of our destroyed world rage like a storm, then crumbles into pieces. I remember a black light shining down…
 Fade to black
 And at last, Kivotos falls.
 Not a trace is left behind.
 My heart hopes it was a nightmare. But it could’ve been anything: a snippet of our past or a vision of the future.
 All I’m left with is an endless series of questions. I’m determined to find the answers to them.
 …
 To learn more, I’ve been venturing into the realm of lucid dreams.
 They exist on the edge of reality and dreams, making it difficult to discern the future from the past.
 Even when I’m awake I feel like I’m in an endless dream.
 I suppose it may be.
 I’ve always been afraid of the future. But I couldn’t run away this time.
 I won’t rest untilI find out our fate. This is my responsibility.
 The tower… The destruction… It was caused by something outside of Kivotos.
 This is my guess…but the cause may be Gematria…
 I believe you also know of that mysterious organization.
 There has to be some way to stop the apocalypse.
 Yes?
 …
 Yes, I know. Chasing after such mysterious beings, the danger is very real.
 …
 …Mika.
 You’re right, Sensei.
 I was lost in my dreams and lost focus of what’s important.
 I can’t help Mika if something happens to me.
 I’ve been foolish.
 Mika’s situation is beyond dire.
 She might always act like a baby, and she expects the world to cater to her like a princess in her fairy tales…
 …But for her to experience something like this for the first time… Being the target of everyone’s hatred…
 I don’t know if she can handle it.
 Right. Helping Mika is the top priority right now.
 How can I have been so blind?
 It feels like I’m finally shaking off my dreams. Thank you, Sensei. I must help my friend.
 Apologize? When I’ve already forgiven her?
 Ah. That might’ve been in a dream.
 I see… Mika thinks I still haven’t forgiven her.
 She must see me as the biggest victim of her actions.
 Oh, Mika. What a dummy.
 She’s always been self-centered, impulsive, thoughtless, and she’s even self-destructive at times.
 Mika would be the perfect cheeky, arrogant fairy tale princess.
 But that wasn’t the role she got.
 She was the villainess who tried to bully someone she didn’t like
 And she eventually became entangled in a horror story of violence and murder instead.
 But if any salvation still exists for her…
 …it’s in the fact that I didn’t die, and her soul remains innocent of murder.
 That tough smile she puts on is fueled by that one though.
 For her, a lot is riding on my well-being.
 Mika…
 I wasn’t kind to her, yet she frets me this much.
 This is long overdue.
 We’re not grade schoolers anymore. I’m ashamed we’ve been so scared to speak openly with each other.
 I’ll request Mika be brought here now.
 I want to have a proper conversation with her…and tell her I’ll be attending the hearing.
 The most grievous of her crimes is injuring me, so it would be very meaningful if I speak for her.
 Ringing sound
 I’m sorry to bother you. Could you please bring Mika to me?
 Thank you. Um… Please also inform Nagisa I would like to speak Mika privately, if possible.
 Thank you. It was nice speaking with you, Sensei.
 I’m a bit tired, so I’ll lie down while I wait for Mika.
 Apologies, Sensei. If you’ll excuse me.
 You as well, Sensei.
 Fade to black
 (I informed Nagisa that both Mika and Seia would attend tomorrow’s hearing.)
 (She was happy to hear the news and seemed a little less stressed. I decided to return to Schale early to prepare for tomorrow’s hearing.)
 (...)
 (Oh… I fell asleep waiting for Mika.)
 (I think the lucid dreaming has taken a toll on my health. And it’s been getting more difficult to wake up.)
 (More importantly…where am I?)
 (This is…! C-Could it really be?)
 (This is…Gematria?!)
 <<To be Continued>>
 05 - Inscrutable Seekers
 Seia witnesses a group of Gematria members arguing in what she thinks is a dream. Among the Gematria members is Beatrice. She declares she will use the Arius Squad to eliminate Sensei, but senses Seia’s presence and quickly ends the meeting. Seia is greatly shocked and wakes up from the dream. Then, Mika comes to visit her.
 (...!)
 (...!)
 (...Mika?)
 Sensei is in danger! I have to warn someone!
 (...Huh?!)
 *pant* *pant*
 *huff* *puff* *huff* *puff*
 (What…did I just see…?)
 Black screen
 U-Ugh!
 *cough cough*
 (The Arius district was being controlled by Gematria?!)
 *cough* *cough cough*
 Back to scene
 (Everything feels so…foggy… Focus, Seia…!)
 (The training of the Arius students, why the district was so elusive…and the foreign technology…the halo-shattering bomb…)
 (It…It all ties back to Gematria… It all makes sense.)
 (And Squad is after Sensei’s life.)
 (Sensei’s in danger…! I have to tell someone!)
 (They almost died during the Eden Treaty attack…)
 (...And their bomb…there’s nothing more dangerous in all of Kivotos.)
 (My life was threatened… The Eden Treaty broke down… Everyone got hurt… Sensei nearly died…)
 Fade to black
 (The starting point of all of this…it’s…)
 Mika.
 <<To be Continued>>
 06 - Broken Things
 Shocked and afraid by what she’d heard, Seia screams at Mika and blames her for everything. Seia suddenly faints and is captured by Beatrice in a dream, but not before she sees Atsuko hanging from an altar. Meanwhile, Sensei encounters Saori in a back alley.
 Mika…
 When you reached the Arius district, who did you meet outside of Squad?
 Look at me and tell me again you’ve never been to the Arius district.
 Did you meet a tall woman with red skin? What else do you know about Squad?
 *cough* *cough*
 Because you made contact with Arius…
 !
 No… Squad…is going after Sensei…
 This is all because you brought Sensei here!
 No… I shouldn’t…blame you… I’m sorry.
 *cough cough*
 *cough* *cough cough*
 (I can’t…feel my libs anymore…)
 Seia starts to faint
 (I’m losing…consciousness…)
 Fade to black
 …
 …Where am I?
 This architectural style… Am I in the Arius district?
 Black screen
 …!
 Beatrice fucking punches her
 Ugh…!
 …Th-This place is… This is…the altar…
 …!
 (What…is that…?)
 (It’s so…ominous…)
 (Is this altar for… summoning something…?)
 (That kid is…!)
 (...)
 (I see… Is this ritual…for…?)
 Fade to black
 (This woman…is trying to summon something to Kivotos…)
 Mika… I’ve hurt you again…
 I’m sorry, Mika. It’s not your fault. None of it is.
 …Sensei. Can you hear me? Please…
 Run, Sensei. You have to get as far away as you can from the Arius district.
 Otherwise, you’ll…
 They’re coming…after you…
 Sensei!
 [Back Alley in Kivotos. Late at night.)
 Because you made contact with Arius…
 Squad…went after Sensei…and…
 This is all because you brought Sensei here!
 SenseI? Finally! Can you hear me?
 If you can hear my voice, please…
 I’m trapped in an in-between. Neither dream nor reality. I don’t know when I’ll be able to escape.
 I don’t have much time, listen closely.
 I…made a mistake…
 I found Gematria in a dream and eavesdropped on their meeting.
 Pan to all the members of Gematria
 Beatrice, who’s ruling the Arius district, was trying to hole some kind of ritual in the Arius basilica….
 The end…Kivotos’ end will come with the conclusion of the ceremony.
 Fade to white
 I don’t know exactly what she’s doing, but it’s clear the end result will be our demise.
 She seems to be trying to summon some kind of being into Kivotos. I’m not sure.
 But I was overpowered by Beatrice in a lucid dream and encountered some sort of being from beyond my own consciousness…
 The exposer was too much, and my body began breaking down.
 Fade to white
 And I… I hurt Mika.
 I was so frightened, having confirmed that my visions were indeed Kivotos’ future. I lashed out at her, blamed her. And then she had to watch as my body began to fail.
 Every route I take… I always hurt her.
 Fade to white
 Mika will blame herself and do something she’ll regret. I know her.
 …
 If Beatrice is successful, she will bring about the downfall of Kivotos.
 And Atsuko of the Arius Squad will be sacrificed for the ritual.
 Trapped in this in-between, there is nothing I can do. All I can do is hope you hear my pleas.
 And Sensei… Please be careful. Beatrice wants you dead.
 …
 Sensei, you must understand you alone cannot solve all of this.
 You’ve done so much for each of us. Now, allow us to shoulder some of the burden.
 I’m going to get out of here somehow, alert Nagisa and the others, and get Mika back.
 It’ll be my turn to apologize.
 So, Sensei…
 Sensei… If you can hear my voice…please…
 Run, Sensei. You have to get as far away as you can from the Arius district.
 Otherwise, you’ll…
 Fade to black
 …
 <<To be Continued>>
 13 - Old Story
 While Saori is asleep, Misaki and Hiyori tell Sensei about Squad’s past. Finally, Saori wakes up, and despite her heavy injuries, she decides to continue on to the Arius basilica to rescue Atsuko.
 *pant* *pant*
 Beatrice…is wrong… I will not give…up… I will try…and try…
 I must escape…find the cracks to slip out…
 I cannot be trapped in this nightmare forever…
 I cannot…will not be defeated here… I still…must…
 <<To be Continued>>
 18 - Another Us
 After losing against Mika, Saori recalls her past with the squad. In the end, she collapses. Mika approaches Saori and points her gun at her but suddenly bursts into tears.
 Where…?
 Seia looks around
 I've never been here... Based off the architecture, maybe...the Hyakkiyako district?
 Black screen
 …!
 You can see me? Wh—Who are you?
 …
 I showed her the way.
 You really are a dummy, Mika.
 As usual, your impulsiveness ruined things. I've always said it was your worst trait.
 It's a bit of a long story.
 Fade to white showing the SEX DEMON
 Back to scene
 I met someone in a dream.
 It was a long journey but, to summarize, I made a deal and escaped Beatrice's grasp.
 <<Flashback sequence>>
 *cough* *cough*
 Please... I need Nagisa... And bring the Sisterhood and the Justice Task Force here. Hurry.
 There's no time. Sensei and Mika are in grave danger.
 <<End of flashback>>
 As soon as I woke up, I asked for the Sisterhood, the Remedial Knights, and the Justice Task Force.
 During that talk, Nagisa swore she would abdicate all her authority if we could just save you, Mika.
 <<Flashback sequence>>
 I implore you as well.
 It's...a long story…
 Thank you. And please, stay safe.
 We can't rely on Sensei for everything. Every relationship should go both ways.
 So, we came here on our own to save you, Mika.
 …?
 Stop, Mika. I'm the one who owes you an apology.
 All this time, I told myself I was waiting for the perfect moment to apologize.
 But in reality, I was being immature. I was avoiding it.
 Mika. When you told me you wanted to reconcile with Arius—
 Mika…
 …
 I would say so.
 Yes.
 …
 Yes, Mika. You may have the fancy curler as well.
 …
 Fade to black
 Sensei. I'm unable to have prophetic dreams anymore.
 That was the price I paid to escape my neverending dream.
 I have to discuss my last prophetic dream with you.
 One day, though.
 Right now, I want to remember this moment.
 We've all finally been reunited.
 And, as always, we will work together to overcome any obstacle.
 Back to scene
