 Everyone, I hope you didn’t blink!
 The infamous Public Peace Bureau have been mercilessly beat back! Look at them run!
 The students occupying the park are rumored to be the one and only SRT Special Academy! Who would’ve thought they would so completely overpower Valkyrie students like this?!
 Can continue to trust them with the security of Kivotos?
 Look everyone! The corrupt powers of Valkyrie Academy is now aimed at the media!
 Welcome! As you can see
 behind me, I’m currently at the Valkyrie Police School. The once
 well-respected school has seen better days as recent claims accuse
 them of illegal collusion with the Kaiser Group!
 According to an anonymous
 tip sent to the Kronos School…
 The students of the Public Peace Bureau have been wielding governmental power on behalf of the Kaiser Group in exchange for money and goods!
 I’m still reeling in shock! To make matters worse, eyewitness accounts say the Valkyrie School was recently defeated by a group of robbers who destroyed the facilities!
 Now the real question remains: is Kivotos still safe in the hands of the Valkyrie Police School?
 Incredible! It’s the director of the Public Peace Bureau herself, a key suspect in the investigation!
 Directo Kanna, please tell us! Why did you enter into an illegal contract with the Kaiser Group?
 Hello to all our viewers at home!
 This is the Kronos School of Journalism’s star reporter, Kawaru Shinon!
 We’re live at the scene of the highly anticipated Eden Treaty signing ceremony!
 That’s right, the Cathedral of Communion where Gehenna Academy and Trinity General School are slated to officially sign the treaty.
 *The scene changes to an image of Trinity and Gehenna flags being raised, with their students glaring at each other*
 You could cut the tension in the air with a knife! Neither side is flinching in this intense battle of nerves!
 It feels like a single misstep could lead to disaster! Can’t you feel the sparks in the air?
 *The scene returns to the news report*
 Historically, these two academies get along like cats and dogs—snakes and mongooses! Even now, this longstanding rivalry is boiling hot. Can the treaty stop it from bubbling over?
 What’s that? Stop babbling and say my segue already? Okay, let’s move on to the next shot before my producer really gets mad!
 *The scene changes to the sight of the old cathedral*
 What an imposing sight! The signing ceremony will be taking place later today at this historic cathedral!
 *The scene returns to the news report*
 Why here of all places? According to our sources, this location was actually suggested by the top brass at Gehenna!
 Could it be because Trinity’s First Council was also held at this location so many years ago?
 Not according to our source! Supposedly, Gehenna wanted an event of this magnitude to simply take place at an equally powerful location!
 That’s all there is to it, and it certainly fits the bill. I love it!
 Speaking of the First Council, did you know that the commandments that were decided upon there were upheld by a powerful organization known as the Saint Justina Council?
 Could that have something to do with Trinity’s Sisterhood attending today’s signing ceremony?
 The Sisterhood has long abstained from involving itself with politics. What could motivate them to step out of the shadows now?
 Could they be positioning themselves as the successors of the Saint Justina Council, the organization that has now vanished into history?
 And what will become of the political storm sweeping through Trinity General School…?! What’s that? You want me to keep things short and simple or we’re going to lose viewers?
 Well, my producer doesn’t know how to abstain from cutting my time short! So much for freedom of the press!
 *The scene flashes to black followed by a beep*
 Once the Eden Treaty is signed, the top executives of the two academies will agree upon the creation of the Eden Treaty Organization at the cathedral!
 *The scene shows the Eden Treaty*
 At that time, the two academies that have always been at odds will officially begin working together to settle their disputes!
 Signing at the cathedral shows each side is committed to upholding the treaty and perhaps even the sacred commandments!
 Put simply, this is the moment when two of the largest and most prominent academies in Kivotos will finally join hands in peace!
 Which begs the question: What involvement does the General Student Council have with such a momentous occasion?
 Let’s take a look back at their press conference that was held just yesterday!
 *The scene changes to an interview of the General Student Council members*
 There you have it! The General Student Council isn’t concerning themselves with the treaty at all!
 How impartial of them! As nonpartisan as always!
 Next, let’s analyze the key personnel of each academy attending the signing ceremony.
 Would you look at that! Gehenna’s Pandemonium Society has arrived on their brand new private blimp!
 *The scene shows the member of Pandemonium Society as they walk to the blimp*
 There she is, Gehenna’s head chair, Hanuma Makoto! Behold the grandeur and charisma of Gehenna’s leadership!
 It looks like the host of Trinity General Academy’s Tea Party, Kirifuji Nagisa, has also arrived at the cathedral!
 Each academy’s leaders are arriving one after the other now.
 Gehenna’s head prefect should be here shortly as well. Things are really starting to heat up, so don’t touch that dial!
 *The television turns off*
 *The scene changes to a ruined building with the Arius Squad*
 A sudden explosion at the Eden Treaty signing ceremony has left everything surrounding the cathedral in utter chaos!
 The two academies’ security forces are now advancing upon the cathedral!
 We don’t have a visual from here, but the sound of gunfire and explosions means the fighting has broken out!
 The number of casualties and extend of the damage have yet to be confirmed, and-
 Breaking news! The Tea Party has called for an urgent meeting at Trinity.
 We’re now getting word that the Pandemonium Society has done the same at Gehenna. Are the two academies preparing to declare a state of emergency?
 BOOM
 Good thinking, Mai. Our broadcast will continue once we’ve made it to a safe distance!
 Fade to Black then a Library
