 …I see.
 You want to get a better weapon for your classmate.
 Well, you’ve come to the right place.
 A competent student is nothing without an appropriate weapon.
 If you look to that corner there, you’ll see some prototypes we’ve put together.
 It’s all fair game, so help yourselves
 Wll, I mean, the DIrect to Future Express is still in use today…
 …but now as a refrigerator. We’re sending the food into the far future, so it wasn’t a complete failure.
 What a disappointing question Momoi.
 It’s simple, really. It’s because …we love laser beams.
 Uhhh… I’m glad to hear you’re so… passionate.
 That’s not really what I mean
 Which matters like this, you have to be realistic.
 …That’s not it either
 Exactly. We’re all happy you’re so interested in our creation, and were you able to actually handle it yourself, I imagine we could part with it.
 Huh? She’s speaking weird again…
 Of course I am. How about this, do you want to try holding?
 Wha…
 It’s okay…
 She should take it.
 It’s a little early to be thanking us.
 Hibiki, Go get all those drones and robots we were going to throw out
 You catch on quick.
 If you want that weapon…
 Were it any other weapon, I would happily let it go.
 but this project, you need to earn my approval first
 I guess it’s more of a qualification exam than a bid of approval.
 …
 Not bad.
 (Grip strength of at least one metric ton, being able to maintain balance while firing, and she has superhuman strength. Not to mention a “body” which perfectly maintains itself…)
 (It could be self-repairing itself via nanomachines, meaning it was designed for use in harsh environments where constant maintenance is required…)
 (Obviously, one such environment immediately springs to mind…)
 (...the battlefield)
 (Just who is Aris, really?)
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 8 | Eligibility Screening
 [Millenium Game Development Department]
 I see.
 As you said, you’d have a hard time pulling off a plan like this without our help.
 Very well. you can count us in…
 We did.
 Oh. It’s actually pretty simple.
 That aside, there’s also…
 …Oh. Don’t mind me. I look forward to seeing what you guys can do.
 442 surveillance cameras and 52 robots of three kinds to be precise.
 It was the Engineering Club that helped implement the security system, you see.
 Surveillance cameras can be hacked. However, these security shutters are impossible to tamper with, even for Veritas. Their only connection is to an isolated, internal network
 Feast upon your eyes upon the Engineering Club’s latest and greatest invention, the bipedal all-terrain, combat-ready chair: Thundergun!
 Your lack of imagination is depressing, I suppose I should have realized earlier that a dullard such as yourself wouldn’t be able to appreciate Thundergun’s charms
 Ahhh! Thundergun!
 …
 Without cover, huh? Yeah, that’s true.
 But you know what else a rooftop doesn’t have? a ceiling.
 Our dearest Hibiki is firing off shells from the opposite side of Millennium Tower
 Reaching hibiki means going through four walls and two ceilings. That is, unless you also have a mortar hiding in that frilly maid costume.
 Haha. You doubted them…
 …but my calculations are always right.
 [Millennium Main Corridor]
 …
 Why am I on my back? And whose butt is right over my head?
 I see… You hit me through the gun smoke, and now you’re staying close to me on purpose.
 Heh. My calculations definitely didn’t account for this. How did you manage to hit me through all that smoke?
 …
 Can you do me a favor? I really feel like I'd rather just get hit with a mortar shell, so please, get your butt out of my face.
 But of course. My sweet little protege would never risk exploding her dearest Utaha.
 She’s a clever girl.
 Why? To protect that club, of course.
 They aren’t selfish.
 These kids are giving it everything they have against impossible odds, all for the sake of each other.
 you’re not wrong.
 But you see, while just working as a friends is great…
 …having a place to be, and people to be there with is a special thing.
 That’s what they’re fighting for.
 The place where they all belong together.
 Haha.
 That wasn’t in my calculations, but it sure was funny
 [Millennium Main Hallway]
