 …
 Could you please not refer to me like I’m some kind of monster? I’m simply trying to
 do my job.
 …
 Sensei.
 *sigh* What a mess.
 Momoi.
 You all are as stubborn as ever, aren’t you? Now you've resorted to involving Schale 	  to stop us from shutting you down.
 But it doesn’t matter.
 Whether it’s Schale, the General Student Council–or even if the General Student
 Council president herself suddenly returned. It still wouldn’t make a difference!
 The academy’s Student Council has full discretion over the preparation of its clubs.
 The Game Development Department will be closed. No one can stop it.
 …that you would lose your budget and club room, yes. It’s been explained countless times to you.
 It’s been over a year, and you still don’t have enough members nor has your club been completing its objectives.
 With that in mind, on what grounds could you possibly object to our decision?
 I think you mean a mitigation hearing…
 And don’t be ridiculous!
 You’ve tried opening a pachinko parlor inside the school, Attacked the Ancient History Research Society looking for a rare classic game console…
 Your club’s activities are anything but typical! How dare you ask for more funds?!
 You’re just creating havoc under the guise of “fostering a healthy development environment”
 What do you have to say for yourselves?!
 That’s what a failure would say. I don't want to hear it.
 I merely wanted a reason, not a meaningless excuse. Results are all that matter in Millennium.
 Yes I’m aware of the award you won.
 I suppose sensei is in the dark, however.
 Tales Saga Chronicle is the only game their club has successfully produced thus far.
 And its reviews were just as impressive as the game itself. I remember it quite well.
 “ If they wanted to create the most pathetic RPG of all time, then job well done”
 “it’s lacking in a lot of areas, especially common sense”
 “Oh My God. This game makes DeadCrimson look like a masterpiece”
 These are hardly outliers. it was the consensus.
 That’s why you won the award for Worst Game Of The Year
 …
 …Anyway.
 It is unacceptable for your club to be wasting funds while damaging Millennium’s reputation.
 You’re a drain on our resources and impeding the progress of other clubs on campus.
 So, the burden of proof lies with you to show that your club is conducting valid activities.
 As I’ve said, if your club can produce meaningful results, we’ll rescind our decision to shut you down.
 Yes. Take the baseball team advancing to the Interhigh Championship or the Engineering Club submitting new inventions for example. something on those lines.
 Surely there must be some sort of contest the Game Development Department can enter.
 Try not to win yet another Worst Game of the Year award.
 If you’d rather save time, I could shut it down now instead. Feel free to vacate the club and throw all this junk if that’s what you want.
 What is it if not junk?
 Will I…?
 Is it?
 ?!
 That may be true.
 If–and only if–you were to win.
 I’m sure you realize how absurd what you’re proposing is, Momoi.
 It would be like our baseball team moving up in the majors rather than simply advancing to the Interhigh Championship.
 Regardless, I’m excited to see what you have in store–even if it is destined to end in failure.
 … So here it is.
 your final chance.
 You have two weeks until the Millennium Prize. I hope you’re looking forward to it as much as I am.
 It was good seeing you again, Sensei. I’m sorry it wasn’t under better circumstances
 But business is business when it comes to the Student Council matters.
 I hope that things will be more pleasant the next time we meet. So long.
 *clank*
 …There’s no way this is true.
 There’s no way someone would join the Game Development Department now!
 So, you must be the “Aris” everyone is talking about. The supposed fourth member of the Game Development Department
 Hmm. I thought I knew every single Millennium School student…
 How could I have missed such a cute girl…?
 Wh-Who are you calling a specter?!
 Ugh… I don’t take kindly to strangers speaking to me this way.
 You have a sharp tongue, newcomer.
 What you say is true…
 …assuming your new member joined of her own free will.
 In the past, there were times clubs got by on just notifying us that they had found new members.
 Recently, however, the rules have become more strict.
 So, as per the new rules, I’ve got an interrogation waiting for Aris… Wait, I didn’t mean to say it like that.
 Anyway, I've just got a few simple questions for her.
 Don’t worry. This won’t take long.
 Well…I suppose anything’s possible. Okay, then. Aris.
 Let the games begin.
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 9 | Yuuka’s Questions
 [Millenium Game Development Department]
 (psst. Hey, Aris, if the Game Development Department is threatening you into staying here, blink your left eye.)
 Hmm…I Already confirmed that she’s in the student registry and was issued a student ID card.
 but you’re going to have to do better than that to satisfy me.
 Enough preamble, let’s begin the interrogation.
 So, tell me, Aris, how did you come to join the Game Development Department?
 Momoi, can you please stop glaring daggers at us like that?
 Hmm…I see.
 You said “game club” in your previous answer. as I’m sure you’re aware by now, the Game Development Department doesn’t exist solely to play games.
 If you’re to be involved in development, what is your role here?
 …What?
 You mean a “programmer”?
 I see… Programming is a difficult position
 Wh-What?!
 DYING isn’t a big deal?!
 Huh…? Wh-What are you talking about?
 …
 All right, I think we’re done here.
 I think I understand who Aris is now.
 For one, I can tell you’re an odd duck
 But more than that, you’re someone who likes to explore new worlds, work with your friends, and achieve new things…
 I have no doubt in my mind that you’re a member of the Game Development Department
 You’ve met the necessary requirements to maintain your status as an official club.
 Of course.
 Well, until the end of the semester, that is
 Huh? Oh, I thought you already knew.
 Sure, the low member count was an issue, but you also need to produce some tangible result as a club.
 Of course, you get a grace period since these rules just changed recently.
 However, if you can’t produce results within a month, your club will be shut down regardless of whether you have four members or four hundred!
 But it is! I’ve already explained this to all the club presidents.
 Now that i think about it, your president, Yuzu, was absent from that meeting
 What’s unfair about it? In fact, making everyone follow the same rules is the definition of fair, really.
 If I’m being honest, I still have my suspicions about Aris’ identity and I had come in here today intent on shutting down this club.
 But one thing is clear to me–Aris has a real passion for gaming.
 Given that passion, I don’t think I can take away your grace period in good conscience. If that passion is real, it should produce fitting results.
 As I recall, Momoi, didn’t you tell me you’d have something amazing to show us at the Millennium Prize?
 Well, now that you have a new member, You’ll have more resources to make your new game all that much more fun, right?
 I’m looking forward to playing iy. Bye!
 Yes, you heard me correctly.
 They’re naive. That’s why they do ridiculous things sometimes
 But it’s not so simple this time, Veritas is also involved.
 Indeed. both groups are willing to pull out all the stops when the things they hold dear are on the line.
 N-Neru isn’t here?!
 You’re right about that.
 However, that’s precisely how we came to know this plot.
 There was only one person who could tip us off to such a thing.
 The president of Veritas herself, Himari…
 <<To be continued…>>
 Episode 13 | Nerds vs. Maids
 [Millennium Main Control Room]
 *booooom*
 …
 Ridiculous.
 Their plan for taking on the student Council was…a bum rush?
 You may not.
 She’ll be held in the counseling room for assaulting the Student Council.
 What a mess. I can’t believe she tried to get past the elevator’s fingerprint recognition system by blasting down the door.
 Hmm… Then let’s order a replacement right–wait a second.
 That weapon Aris had must have come from the Engineering Club…
 If that’s the case, then it wouldn't be wise to go to them like we usually would.
 Something about this smells suspicious…
 Find the strongest security system in kivotos not designed byu the Engineering Club and get that ASAP.
 [Millenium Outer Hallway]
 They’re here.
 Huh? Is this really something you need to handle yourself?
 I don’t know! The surveillance cameras definitely show Momoi and Midori approaching point A2! But I can’t see you anywhere!
 Reset camera settings! Block cloud access and play the only closed circuit feed!
 Send a student Council member! Noa is nearby! She can open the door.
 (What are they thinking? The real Momoi and Midori should also be trapped somewhere.)
 (Wait a second. It can’t be…!)
 Wh-What the…?!
 But how?! This is brand new equipment, just installed todah–oh, no!
 This is why Aris broke those doors? This was their plan all along?!
 [Millennium Main Corridor]
 Karin had them suppressed until a moment ago, but they’ve slipped out of our since
 However, it’s not hard to guess where they’re headed.
 Activate all the confiscated robots!
 I’d originally wanted to repurpose them into cleaning machines…
 …but right now we’ve got more pressing messes to deal with!
 I hereby transfer their command to Akane and the Maid Club!
 It’d be best if you gave up now.
 I have to congratulate you for fooling us thus far.
 But you’ve gone too far this time.
 I can hardly believe the sheer audacity of you to attack the Student Council with the help of terrorists.
 And to think I gave you a grace period to try and save your club. I guess I’ve been too soft.
 Don’t even imagine trying to escape punishment. You’d better be prepared to be confined or suspended for no less than a week.
 Lucky for you that your friend Aris is already in custody. I felt bad about locking her up alone, so I’m sure she’ll be happy to have some company.
 Oh? You want to go through us?
 You should be expecting a stern letter to Schale, Sensei.
 …?
 Blinding Light!
 *booooom*
 Ugh. It’s not just Asuna, half the robots are down too! I can’t believe this!
 And all with a single attack…?
 M-Momoi and Midori are getting away!
 Momoi! Aris! Midori! yuzu!
 Congratulations!
 What’s with you guys?
 Didn’t you see the results?
 Huh?!
 What are you talking about? Turn on the TV.
 Sheesh. Fine, Watch from my phone.
 [The Millennium Prize Award Ceremony]
 Congrats again! I gave it a try too. It wasn’t the most exciting game I’ve ever played, but it was a fresh experience! I really liked it!
 Well, as before, the confiscation is postponed. Since the award you won wasn’t official, the Student Council decided to give you another year to reevaluate if you get to keep your club room.
 And, also…
 *squirm*
 I, uh… I’m sorry I called your consoles junk.
 Playing your game, I remembered how much I loved playing games as a kid… It was like I was experiencing it all over again for the first time.
 Congratulations. Come to the Student Council room to apply for a club room extension or funding. I’ll be seeing you.
 There you are, Acting President! We’ve been waiting! Get the real president here already!
 Huh? Who’s that adult with you?
 If you’re well aware, then do something! You represent the General Student Council after all!
 Thousands of academy districts are in panic! Our academy’s wind generator shut down just a few days ago!
 And what is the General Student Council president doing during such a sorry state of affairs? I demand to see her right this instant!
 What?!
 …?!
 Hold up. Who is this “Sensei” you’re talking about? What are they doing here in the first place?
 The president chose them. The one who’s now missing? Things are making less and less sense…
 R-Right. It’s good to meet you, Sensei. I’m Millennium Science School’s…
 I-I mean, why am I even bothering to introduce myself right now?
 Who are you calling annoying?! I’m Hayase Yuuka! You should remember that name, Sensei!
 What? Why are you looking at us like that?
 Huh?
 Wait, what? Where are we going?
 [The DU Outskirts, Near the Schale room]
 *whoosh*
 *craaaaash*
 What’s going on?
 *bang* *bang* *bang* *bang*
 Why do we have to be the ones to fight them?!
 I get that, but I belong to my school’s student council! Why is busywork like this falling to me?
 *rustle* *rustle*
 Ah, that smarts! What the heck?! Are they using JHP rounds? That’s cheating!
 Well, they’re illegal at our academy starting now! That might have left a mark!
 I know that! You can’t just join us on the battlefield, Sensei, so stay put while we take care of this!
 What? You’re going to take command? Well… I guess you are supposed to be a teacher.
 Okay! Let’s go!
 <<To be continued…>>
 1-2
 Under Sensei’s direction, the students breeze through combat and advance toward the Schale club room
 I know, right?
 This must be why the General Student Council holds Sensei in such high regard. The president must have had her reasons for choosing Sensei.
 The Schael club room is just ahead of us!
 Finally!
 Correct. I’ve confirmed the General Student Council has regained control of Sanctum Tower.
 Not too shabby, Sensei. Everyone in Kivotos will be talking about you now. I bet it’s all over social media already.
 I’m sure we’ll see each other again whenever you come to the Millennium Science School. Bye, Sensei!
 Return to the Schale office.
